---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_account_authentication Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Account Authentication data source provides information about the existing Aiven Account Authentication.
  ~> This resource is deprecated.
  This resource is deprecated
---

# aiven_account_authentication (Data Source)

The Account Authentication data source provides information about the existing Aiven Account Authentication.

~> **This resource is deprecated**.

This resource is deprecated

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_account_authentication" "foo" {
  account_id = aiven_account.<ACCOUNT_RESOURCE>.account_id
  name       = "auth-1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The unique id of the account.
- `name` (String) The name of the account authentication.

### Read-Only

- `authentication_id` (String) Account authentication id
- `auto_join_team_id` (String) Team ID
- `create_time` (String) Time of creation
- `enabled` (Boolean) Status of account authentication method. The default value is `false`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `saml_acs_url` (String) SAML Assertion Consumer Service URL
- `saml_certificate` (String) SAML Certificate
- `saml_digest_algorithm` (String) Digest algorithm. This is an advanced option that typically does not need to be set.
- `saml_entity_id` (String) SAML Entity id
- `saml_field_mapping` (Set of Object) Map IdP fields (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_field_mapping))
- `saml_idp_login_allowed` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable IdP initiated login
- `saml_idp_url` (String) SAML Idp URL
- `saml_metadata_url` (String) SAML Metadata URL
- `saml_signature_algorithm` (String) Signature algorithm. This is an advanced option that typically does not need to be set.
- `saml_variant` (String) SAML server variant
- `type` (String) The account authentication type. The possible values are `internal` and `saml`.
- `update_time` (String) Time of last update

<a id="nestedatt--saml_field_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_field_mapping`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String)
- `first_name` (String)
- `identity` (String)
- `last_name` (String)
- `real_name` (String)
