---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_azure_org_vpc_peering_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information about about an Azure VPC peering connection.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
---

# aiven_azure_org_vpc_peering_connection (Data Source)

Gets information about about an Azure VPC peering connection. 

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `azure_subscription_id` (String) The ID of the Azure subscription in UUID4 format. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `organization_id` (String) Identifier of the organization.
- `organization_vpc_id` (String) Identifier of the organization VPC.
- `peer_resource_group` (String) The name of the Azure resource group associated with the VNet. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `vnet_name` (String) The name of the Azure VNet. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `peer_azure_app_id` (String) The ID of the Azure app that is allowed to create a peering to the Azure Virtual Network (VNet) in UUID4 format. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `peer_azure_tenant_id` (String) The Azure tenant ID in UUID4 format. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `peering_connection_id` (String) The ID of the cloud provider for the peering connection.
- `state` (String) State of the peering connection
