---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_billing_group Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about an existing billing group.
---

# aiven_billing_group (Data Source)

Provides information about an existing billing group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_billing_group" "foo" {
  name = "<BILLING_GROUP_NAME>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `billing_group_id` (String) The ID of the billing group. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID.
- `address_lines` (Set of String) Address lines 1 and 2. For example, street, PO box, or building.
- `billing_currency` (String) Billing currency for the billing group. Supported currencies are: AUD, CAD, CHF, DKK, EUR, GBP, JPY, NOK, NZD, SEK, SGD, and USD.
- `billing_emails` (Set of String) Email address of billing contacts. Invoices and other payment notifications are emailed to all billing contacts.
- `billing_extra_text` (String) Additional information to include on your invoice (for example, a reference number).
- `card_id` (String) Credit card ID.
- `city` (String) City, district, suburb, town, or village.
- `company` (String) Your company name.
- `copy_from_billing_group` (String) ID of the billing group to copy the company name, address, currency, billing contacts, and extra text from.
- `country_code` (String) Two-letter country code.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the billing group.
- `parent_id` (String) Link a billing group to an existing organization or account by using its ID. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference.
- `state` (String) State or province.
- `vat_id` (String) The VAT identification number for your company.
- `zip_code` (String) Zip or postal code.
