---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_connection_pool Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information about a connection pool in an Aiven for PostgreSQL® service.
---

# aiven_connection_pool (Data Source)

Gets information about a connection pool in an Aiven for PostgreSQL® service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_connection_pool" "main" {
  project      = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  service_name = aiven_pg.example_postgres.service_name
  pool_name    = "example-pool"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pool_name` (String) Name of the pool. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `connection_uri` (String, Sensitive) The URI for connecting to the pool.
- `database_name` (String) The name of the database the pool connects to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `pool_mode` (String) The [operational mode](https://aiven.io/docs/products/postgresql/concepts/pg-connection-pooling#pooling-modes). The possible values are `session`, `statement` and `transaction`. The default value is `transaction`.
- `pool_size` (Number) The number of PostgreSQL server connections this pool can use at a time. This does not affect the number of incoming connections. Each pool can handle a minimum of 5000 client connections. The default value is `10`.
- `username` (String) The name of the service user used to connect to the database. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference.
