---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_elasticsearch_acl Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Elasticsearch ACL data source provides information about the existing Aiven Elasticsearch ACL for Elasticsearch service.
---

# aiven_elasticsearch_acl (Data Source)

The Elasticsearch ACL data source provides information about the existing Aiven Elasticsearch ACL for Elasticsearch service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_elasticsearch_acl" "es-acls" {
  project      = aiven_project.es-project.project
  service_name = aiven_elasticsearch.es.service_name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **project** (String) Identifies the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- **service_name** (String) Specifies the name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **acl** (Set of Object) List of Elasticsearch ACLs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acl))
- **enabled** (Boolean) Enable Elasticsearch ACLs. When disabled authenticated service users have unrestricted access. The default value is `true`.
- **extended_acl** (Boolean) Index rules can be applied in a limited fashion to the _mget, _msearch and _bulk APIs (and only those) by enabling the ExtendedAcl option for the service. When it is enabled, users can use these APIs as long as all operations only target indexes they have been granted access to. The default value is `true`.

<a id="nestedatt--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Read-Only:

- **rule** (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--acl--rule))
- **username** (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--acl--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl.rule`

Read-Only:

- **index** (String)
- **permission** (String)


