---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_flink_application_version Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information about an Aiven for Apache Flink® application version.
---

# aiven_flink_application_version (Data Source)

Gets information about an Aiven for Apache Flink® application version.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_flink_application_version" "main" {
  project                = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  service_name           = aiven_flink.example_flink.service_name
  application_id         = aiven_flink_application.example_app.application_id
  application_version_id = "d6e7f71c-cadf-49b5-a4ad-126c805fe684"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String) Application ID.
- `application_version_id` (String) Application version ID.
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Application version creation time.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the application.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `sink` (Set of Object) The sink table for the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sink))
- `sinks` (Set of Object) Application sinks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sinks))
- `source` (Set of Object) The source table for the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `sources` (Set of Object) Application sources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources))
- `statement` (String) Job SQL statement.
- `version` (Number) Application version number.

<a id="nestedatt--sink"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sink`

Read-Only:

- `create_table` (String)
- `integration_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--sinks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sinks`

Read-Only:

- `create_table` (String)
- `integration_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Read-Only:

- `create_table` (String)
- `integration_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources`

Read-Only:

- `create_table` (String)
- `integration_id` (String)
