---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_mysql_user Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information about an Aiven for MySQL速 service user.
---

# aiven_mysql_user (Data Source)

Gets information about an Aiven for MySQL速 service user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_mysql_user" "example_mysql_user" {
  service_name = aiven_mysql.example_mysql.service_name
  project      = aiven_project.example_project.project
  username     = "example-mysql-user"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) Project name.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the MySQL速 service user.
- `username` (String) The name of the MySQL速 service user.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `access_cert` (String, Sensitive) Access certificate for TLS client authentication.
- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) Access key for TLS client authentication.
- `authentication` (String) Service specific authentication details. Currently only used for MySQL where accepted options are 'mysql_native_password' and 'caching_sha2_password', latter being default when this is not explicitly set. The possible values are `caching_sha2_password` and `mysql_native_password`.
- `id` (String) Resource ID composed as: `project/service_name/username`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the service user (auto-generated if not provided). The field conflicts with `password_wo`.
- `password_wo` (String, Sensitive) The password of the service user (write-only, not stored in state). The field is required with `password_wo_version`. The field conflicts with `password`.
- `password_wo_version` (Number) Version number for `password_wo`. Increment this to rotate the password. The field is required with `password_wo`.
- `type` (String) User account type, such as primary or regular account.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
