---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_organization_user_list Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns a list of users in the organization https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/user-access-management, their profile details, and other data . This includes users you add to your organization and application users.
---

# aiven_organization_user_list (Data Source)

Returns a list of [users in the organization](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/user-access-management), their profile details, and other data . This includes users you add to your organization and application users.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_organization_user_list" "users" {
  name = "Example organization"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) ID of an organization.
- `name` (String) The name of the organization.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `users` (Block List) List of users of the organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--users))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedblock--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `is_super_admin` (Boolean) Super admin state of the organization user.
- `join_time` (String) Join time.
- `last_activity_time` (String) Last activity time.
- `user_id` (String) User ID.
- `user_info` (Block List) OrganizationUserInfo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--users--user_info))

<a id="nestedblock--users--user_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users.user_info`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) City.
- `country` (String) Country.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time.
- `department` (String) Department.
- `is_application_user` (Boolean) Is Application User.
- `job_title` (String) Job Title.
- `managed_by_scim` (Boolean) Managed By Scim.
- `managing_organization_id` (String) Managing Organization ID.
- `real_name` (String) Real Name.
- `state` (String) State.
- `user_email` (String) User Email.
