---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_organization_billing_group_list Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Lists billing groups for an organization.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
---

# aiven_organization_billing_group_list (Data Source)

Lists billing groups for an organization. 

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) ID of an organization.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `billing_groups` (Block Set) A list of all billing groups belonging to the organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--billing_groups))
- `id` (String) Resource ID, equal to `organization_id`.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedblock--billing_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing_groups`

Read-Only:

- `billing_address_id` (String) Billing address ID.
- `billing_contact_emails` (Set of String) List of billing contact emails.
- `billing_currency` (String) Acceptable currencies for a billing group. The possible values are `AUD`, `CAD`, `CHF`, `DKK`, `EUR`, `GBP`, `JPY`, `NOK`, `NZD`, `SEK`, `SGD` and `USD`.
- `billing_emails` (Set of String) List of billing contact emails.
- `billing_group_id` (String) Billing group ID.
- `billing_group_name` (String) Billing Group Name.
- `custom_invoice_text` (String) Extra billing text.
- `organization_id` (String) Organization ID.
- `payment_method_id` (String) Payment method ID.
- `shipping_address_id` (String) Shipping address ID.
- `vat_id` (String) VAT ID.
