---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_organization_project Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information about an Aiven project.
---

# aiven_organization_project (Data Source)

Gets information about an Aiven project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_organization_project" "example" {
  project_id      = aiven_organization_project.foo.project_id
  organization_id = aiven_organization_project.foo.organization_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) ID of an organization.
- `project_id` (String) The name of the project. Names must be globally unique among all Aiven customers. Names must begin with a letter (a-z), and consist of letters, numbers, and dashes. It's recommended to use a random string or your organization name as a prefix or suffix. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `base_port` (Number) Valid port number (10000-30000) to use as a base for service port allocation.
- `billing_group_id` (String) Billing group ID to assign to the project. It's required when moving projects between organizations.
- `ca_cert` (String, Sensitive) PEM encoded certificate.
- `id` (String) Resource ID, a composite of `organization_id` and `project_id` IDs.
- `parent_id` (String) Link a project to an [organization or organizational unit](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/orgs-units-projects) by using its ID. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference.
- `tag` (Block Set) Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to categorize projects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `technical_emails` (Set of String) The email addresses for [project contacts](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/technical-emails), who will receive important alerts and updates about this project and its services. You can also set email contacts at the service level. It's good practice to keep these up-to-date to be aware of any potential issues with your project.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Project tag key.
- `value` (String) Project tag value.
