---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_project Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information about an Aiven project.
  ~> This resource is deprecated
  Use aiven_organization_project instead and migrate your existing aiven_project resources https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources to the new resource.
---

# aiven_project (Data Source)

Gets information about an Aiven project.

~> **This resource is deprecated**
Use ``aiven_organization_project`` instead and [migrate your existing `aiven_project` resources](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources) to the new resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_project" "example_project" {
  project = "example-project"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The name of the project. Names must be globally unique among all Aiven customers and cannot be changed later without destroying and re-creating the project, including all sub-resources.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Link a project to an existing account using its account ID. This field is deprecated. Use `parent_id` instead. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference.
- `add_account_owners_admin_access` (Boolean) If parent_id is set, grant account owner team admin access to the new project. The default value is `true`.
- `available_credits` (String) The number of trial or promotional credits remaining for this project.
- `billing_group` (String) The ID of the billing group this project is assigned to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference.
- `ca_cert` (String, Sensitive) The CA certificate for the project. This is required for configuring clients that connect to certain services like Kafka.
- `copy_from_project` (String) The name of the project to copy billing information, technical contacts, and some other project attributes from. This is most useful to set up the same billing method when you use bank transfers to pay invoices for other projects. You can only do this when creating a project. You can't set the billing over the API for an existing. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference.
- `default_cloud` (String) Default cloud provider and region where services are hosted. This can be changed after the project is created and will not affect existing services.
- `estimated_balance` (String) The monthly running estimate for this project for the current billing period.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `parent_id` (String) Link a project to an [organization or organizational unit](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/orgs-units-projects) by using its ID. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference.
- `payment_method` (String) The payment type used for this project. For example,`card`.
- `tag` (Set of Object) Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to categorize projects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag))
- `technical_emails` (Set of String) The email addresses for [project contacts](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/technical-emails), who will receive important alerts and updates about this project and its services. You can also set email contacts at the service level. It's good practice to keep these up-to-date to be aware of any potential issues with your project.
- `use_source_project_billing_group` (Boolean) Use the same billing group that is used in source project.

<a id="nestedatt--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
