---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_project_user Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Project User data source provides information about the existing Aiven Project User.
  ~> This resource is deprecated
  Use aiven_organization_permission instead and
  migrate existing aiven_project_user resources https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources
  to the new resource. Do not use the aiven_project_user and aiven_organization_permission resources together.
---

# aiven_project_user (Data Source)

The Project User data source provides information about the existing Aiven Project User.

~> **This resource is deprecated**
Use `aiven_organization_permission` instead and
[migrate existing `aiven_project_user` resources](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources)
to the new resource. **Do not use the `aiven_project_user` and `aiven_organization_permission` resources together**.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_project_user" "mytestuser" {
  project = aiven_project.myproject.project
  email   = "john.doe@example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) Email address of the user in lowercase. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `accepted` (Boolean) Whether the user has accepted the request to join the project. Users get an invite and become project members after accepting the invite.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `member_type` (String) Project membership type. The possible values are `admin`, `developer`, `operator`, `organization:app_users:write`, `organization:audit_logs:read`, `organization:billing:read`, `organization:billing:write`, `organization:domains:write`, `organization:groups:write`, `organization:idps:write`, `organization:networking:read`, `organization:networking:write`, `organization:projects:write`, `organization:users:write`, `project:audit_logs:read`, `project:integrations:read`, `project:integrations:write`, `project:networking:read`, `project:networking:write`, `project:permissions:read`, `project:services:read`, `project:services:write`, `read_only`, `role:organization:admin`, `role:services:maintenance`, `role:services:recover`, `service:configuration:write`, `service:data:write`, `service:logs:read`, `service:secrets:read` and `service:users:write`.
