---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_redis_user Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Redis User data source provides information about the existing Aiven Redis User.
  !> End of life notice
  In March 2024, a new licensing model was announced for Redis® that impacts the Aiven for Caching offering (formerly Aiven for Redis®).
  Aiven for Caching is entering its end-of-life cycle to comply with Redis's copyright and license agreements.
  From February 15th, 2025, it will not be possible to start a new Aiven for Caching service, but existing services up until version 7.2 will still be available until end of life.
  From March 31st, 2025, Aiven for Caching will no longer be available and all existing services will be migrated to Aiven for Valkey™.
  You can upgrade to Valkey for free https://aiven.io/docs/products/caching/howto/upgrade-aiven-for-caching-to-valkey before then
  and update your existing aiven_redis resources https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources#update-`aiven_redis`-resources-after-valkey-upgrade.
---

# aiven_redis_user (Data Source)

The Redis User data source provides information about the existing Aiven Redis User.

!> **End of life notice**
In March 2024, a new licensing model was announced for Redis® that impacts the Aiven for Caching offering (formerly Aiven for Redis®).
Aiven for Caching is entering its end-of-life cycle to comply with Redis's copyright and license agreements.
From **February 15th, 2025**, it will not be possible to start a new Aiven for Caching service, but existing services up until version 7.2 will still be available until end of life.
From **March 31st, 2025**, Aiven for Caching will no longer be available and all existing services will be migrated to Aiven for Valkey™.
You can [upgrade to Valkey for free](https://aiven.io/docs/products/caching/howto/upgrade-aiven-for-caching-to-valkey) before then
and [update your existing `aiven_redis` resources](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources#update-`aiven_redis`-resources-after-valkey-upgrade).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aiven_redis_user" "user" {
  service_name = "my-service"
  project      = "my-project"
  username     = "user1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `username` (String) The actual name of the Redis User. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the Redis User.
- `redis_acl_categories` (List of String) Defines command category rules. The field is required with `redis_acl_commands` and `redis_acl_keys`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `redis_acl_channels` (List of String) Defines the permitted pub/sub channel patterns. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `redis_acl_commands` (List of String) Defines rules for individual commands. The field is required with `redis_acl_categories` and `redis_acl_keys`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `redis_acl_keys` (List of String) Defines key access rules. The field is required with `redis_acl_categories` and `redis_acl_keys`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `type` (String) Type of the user account. Tells whether the user is the primary account or a regular account.
