---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_valkey_user Data Source - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Valkey User data source provides information about the existing Aiven for Valkey user.
---

# aiven_valkey_user (Data Source)

The Valkey User data source provides information about the existing Aiven for Valkey user.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `username` (String) Name of the Valkey service user. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The Valkey service user's password.
- `type` (String) User account type, such as primary or regular account.
- `valkey_acl_categories` (List of String) Allow or disallow command categories. To allow a category use the prefix `+@` and to disallow use `-@`. See the [Valkey documentation](https://valkey.io/topics/acl/) for details on the ACL feature. The field is required with`valkey_acl_commands` and `valkey_acl_keys`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `valkey_acl_channels` (List of String) Allows and disallows access to pub/sub channels. Entries are defined as standard glob patterns. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `valkey_acl_commands` (List of String) Defines rules for individual commands. To allow a command use the prefix `+` and to disallow use `-`. The field is required with`valkey_acl_categories` and `valkey_acl_keys`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `valkey_acl_keys` (List of String) Key access rules. Entries are defined as standard glob patterns. The field is required with`valkey_acl_categories` and `valkey_acl_keys`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
