---
page_title: "aiven_account_team Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages a team.
---
# aiven_account_team (Resource)

**This resource is deprecated.** Use `aiven_organization_user_group` instead.

Creates and manages a team.


~> **Teams have been deprecated and are being migrated to groups**
**On 30 September 2024** the Account Owners team will transition to super admin. Super admin have full access to the organization.
The Account Owners and super admin are synced, so the removal of the Account Owners team will have no impact on existing permissions.
**From 4 November 2024** you won't be able to create new teams or update existing ones. Existing teams will be migrated to groups after
this date. **On 2 December 2024** all teams will be deleted and the teams feature will be completely removed. [View the 
migration guide](https://aiven.io/docs/tools/terraform/howto/migrate-from-teams-to-groups) for more information on the changes and migrating to groups.

~> **Important**
You can't delete the Account Owners team. **Deleting all other teams in your organization will disable the teams feature.**
You won't be able to create new teams or access your Account Owners team.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "aiven_account_team" "example_team" {
  account_id = aiven_account.ACCOUNT_RESOURCE_NAME.account_id
  name       = "Example team"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The unique account id
- `name` (String) The account team name

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Time of creation
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `team_id` (String) The auto-generated unique account team id
- `update_time` (String) Time of last update

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import aiven_account_team.account_team1 account_id/team_id
```
