---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_account_team_member Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Account Team Member resource allows the creation and management of an Aiven Account Team Member.
  During the creation of aiven_account_team_memberresource, an email invitation will be sent
  to a user using user_email address. If the user accepts an invitation, he or she will become
  a member of the account team. The deletion of aiven_account_team_member will not only
  delete the invitation if one was sent but not yet accepted by the user, it will also
  eliminate an account team member if one has accepted an invitation previously.
---

# aiven_account_team_member (Resource)

The Account Team Member resource allows the creation and management of an Aiven Account Team Member.

During the creation of `aiven_account_team_member`resource, an email invitation will be sent
to a user using `user_email` address. If the user accepts an invitation, he or she will become
a member of the account team. The deletion of `aiven_account_team_member` will not only
delete the invitation if one was sent but not yet accepted by the user, it will also 
eliminate an account team member if one has accepted an invitation previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_account_team_member" "foo" {
  account_id = aiven_account.<ACCOUNT_RESOURCE>.account_id
  team_id    = aiven_account_team.<TEAM_RESOURCE>.team_id
  user_email = "user+1@example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The unique account id This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `team_id` (String) An account team id This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `user_email` (String) Is a user email address that first will be invited, and after accepting an invitation, he or she becomes a member of a team. Should be lowercase.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `accepted` (Boolean) is a boolean flag that determines whether an invitation was accepted or not by the user. `false` value means that the invitation was sent to the user but not yet accepted. `true` means that the user accepted the invitation and now a member of an account team.
- `create_time` (String) Time of creation
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invited_by_user_email` (String) The email address that invited this user.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_account_team_member.foo account_id/team_id/user_email
```
