---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_account_authentication Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource is deprecated.
  Creates and manages an authentication method.
---

# aiven_account_authentication (Resource)

**This resource is deprecated**. 
		
Creates and manages an authentication method.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_account_authentication" "foo" {
    account_id       = aiven_account.<ACCOUNT_RESOURCE>.account_id
    name             = "auth-1"
    type             = "saml"
    enabled          = true
    saml_certificate = "---CERTIFICATE---"
    saml_entity_id   = "https://example.com/00000"
    saml_idp_url     = "https://example.com/sso/saml"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The unique id of the account.
- `name` (String) The name of the account authentication.
- `type` (String) The account authentication type. The possible values are `internal` and `saml`.

### Optional

- `auto_join_team_id` (String) Team ID
- `enabled` (Boolean) Status of account authentication method. The default value is `false`.
- `saml_certificate` (String) SAML Certificate
- `saml_digest_algorithm` (String) Digest algorithm. This is an advanced option that typically does not need to be set.
- `saml_entity_id` (String) SAML Entity id
- `saml_field_mapping` (Block Set, Max: 1) Map IdP fields (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saml_field_mapping))
- `saml_idp_login_allowed` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable IdP initiated login
- `saml_idp_url` (String) SAML Idp URL
- `saml_signature_algorithm` (String) Signature algorithm. This is an advanced option that typically does not need to be set.
- `saml_variant` (String) SAML server variant
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `authentication_id` (String) Account authentication id
- `create_time` (String) Time of creation
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `saml_acs_url` (String) SAML Assertion Consumer Service URL
- `saml_metadata_url` (String) SAML Metadata URL
- `update_time` (String) Time of last update

<a id="nestedblock--saml_field_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_field_mapping`

Optional:

- `email` (String) Field name for user email
- `first_name` (String) Field name for user's first name
- `identity` (String) Field name for user's identity. This field must always exist in responses, and must be immutable and unique. Contents of this field are used to identify the user. Using user ID (such as unix user id) is highly recommended, as email address may change, requiring relinking user to Aiven user.
- `last_name` (String) Field name for user's last name
- `real_name` (String) Field name for user's full name. If specified, first_name and last_name mappings are ignored


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_account_authentication.foo account_id/authentication_id
```
