---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_alloydbomni Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven for AlloyDB Omni service.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
  !> End of life notice
  Aiven for AlloyDB Omni is entering its end-of-life cycle https://aiven.io/docs/platform/reference/end-of-life.
  From 5 September 2025, you can no longer create new Aiven for AlloyDB Omni services. Existing
  services continue to operate until the end of life (EOL) date but you cannot change plans for these services.
  On 5 December 2025, all active Aiven for AlloyDB Omni services are powered off and deleted, making data from
  these services inaccessible. The recommended alternatives to Aiven for AlloyDB Omni are:
  Aiven for PostgreSQL® https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/resources/pg,
  Aiven for ClickHouse® https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/resources/clickhouse,
  and Aiven for MySQL® https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/resources/mysql.
  To ensure uninterrupted service, complete your migration before December 5, 2025.
  For further assistance, contact the Aiven support team mailto:support@aiven.io or your
  account team.
---

# aiven_alloydbomni (Resource)

Creates and manages an Aiven for AlloyDB Omni service.

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.

!> **End of life notice**
Aiven for AlloyDB Omni is entering its [end-of-life cycle](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/reference/end-of-life).
From **5 September 2025**, you can no longer create new Aiven for AlloyDB Omni services. Existing
services continue to operate until the end of life (EOL) date but you cannot change plans for these services.
On **5 December 2025**, all active Aiven for AlloyDB Omni services are powered off and deleted, making data from
these services inaccessible. The recommended alternatives to Aiven for AlloyDB Omni are:
[Aiven for PostgreSQL®](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/resources/pg),
[Aiven for ClickHouse®](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/resources/clickhouse),
and [Aiven for MySQL®](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/resources/mysql).
To ensure uninterrupted service, complete your migration before December 5, 2025.
For further assistance, contact the [Aiven support team](mailto:support@aiven.io) or your
account team.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_alloydbomni" "example_alloydbomni" {
  project                 = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  cloud_name              = "google-europe-west1"
  plan                    = "startup-4"
  service_name            = "example-alloydbomni-service"
  maintenance_window_dow  = "monday"
  maintenance_window_time = "10:00:00"

  tag {
    key   = "test"
    value = "val"
  }

  alloydbomni_user_config {
    public_access {
      pg         = true
      prometheus = false
    }

    pg {
      idle_in_transaction_session_timeout = 900
      log_min_duration_statement          = -1
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `plan` (String) Defines what kind of computing resources are allocated for the service. It can be changed after creation, though there are some restrictions when going to a smaller plan such as the new plan must have sufficient amount of disk space to store all current data and switching to a plan with fewer nodes might not be supported. The basic plan names are `hobbyist`, `startup-x`, `business-x` and `premium-x` where `x` is (roughly) the amount of memory on each node (also other attributes like number of CPUs and amount of disk space varies but naming is based on memory). The available options can be seen from the [Aiven pricing page](https://aiven.io/pricing).
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the actual name of the service. The name cannot be changed later without destroying and re-creating the service so name should be picked based on intended service usage rather than current attributes.

### Optional

- `additional_disk_space` (String) Add [disk storage](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/add-storage-space) in increments of 30  GiB to scale your service. The maximum value depends on the service type and cloud provider. Removing additional storage causes the service nodes to go through a rolling restart, and there might be a short downtime for services without an autoscaler integration or high availability capabilities. The field can be safely removed when autoscaler is enabled without causing any changes.
- `alloydbomni` (Block List, Max: 1) Values provided by the AlloyDB Omni server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni))
- `alloydbomni_user_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Alloydbomni user configurable settings. **Warning:** There's no way to reset advanced configuration options to default. Options that you add cannot be removed later (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config))
- `cloud_name` (String) The cloud provider and region the service is hosted in. The format is `provider-region`, for example: `google-europe-west1`. The [available cloud regions](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/reference/list_of_clouds) can differ per project and service. Changing this value [migrates the service to another cloud provider or region](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/migrate-services-cloud-region). The migration runs in the background and includes a DNS update to redirect traffic to the new region. Most services experience no downtime, but some databases may have a brief interruption during DNS propagation.
- `disk_space` (String, Deprecated) Service disk space. Possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Therefore, reducing will result in the service rebalancing. Please use `additional_disk_space` to specify the space to be added to the default disk space defined by the plan.
- `maintenance_window_dow` (String) Day of week when maintenance operations should be performed. One monday, tuesday, wednesday, etc.
- `maintenance_window_time` (String) Time of day when maintenance operations should be performed. UTC time in HH:mm:ss format.
- `project_vpc_id` (String) Specifies the VPC the service should run in. If the value is not set, the service runs on the Public Internet. When set, the value should be given as a reference to set up dependencies correctly, and the VPC must be in the same cloud and region as the service itself. The service can be freely moved to and from VPC after creation, but doing so triggers migration to new servers, so the operation can take a significant amount of time to complete if the service has a lot of data.
- `service_account_credentials` (String, Sensitive) Your [Google service account key](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-creds#key-types) in JSON format.
- `service_integrations` (Block Set) Service integrations to specify when creating a service. Not applied after initial service creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_integrations))
- `static_ips` (Set of String) Static IPs that are going to be associated with this service. Please assign a value using the 'toset' function. Once a static ip resource is in the 'assigned' state it cannot be unbound from the node again
- `tag` (Block Set) Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to categorize services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `tech_emails` (Block Set) The email addresses for [service contacts](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/technical-emails), who will receive important alerts and updates about this service. You can also set email contacts at the project level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tech_emails))
- `termination_protection` (Boolean) Prevents the service from being deleted. It is recommended to set this to `true` for all production services to prevent unintentional service deletion. This does not shield against deleting databases or topics but for services with backups much of the content can at least be restored from backup in case accidental deletion is done.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `components` (List of Object) Service component information objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `disk_space_cap` (String) The maximum disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project.
- `disk_space_default` (String) The default disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Its also the minimum value for `disk_space`
- `disk_space_step` (String) The default disk space step of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. `disk_space` needs to increment from `disk_space_default` by increments of this size.
- `disk_space_used` (String) The disk space that the service is currently using. This is the sum of `disk_space` and `additional_disk_space` in human-readable format (for example: `90GiB`).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `maintenance_window_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the maintenance window is currently enabled for this service.
- `service_host` (String) The hostname of the service.
- `service_password` (String, Sensitive) Password used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `service_port` (Number) The port of the service
- `service_type` (String) Aiven internal service type code
- `service_uri` (String, Sensitive) URI for connecting to the service. Service specific info is under "kafka", "pg", etc.
- `service_username` (String) Username used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `state` (String) Service state. Possible values are `POWEROFF`, `REBALANCING`, `REBUILDING` or `RUNNING`. Services cannot be powered on or off with Terraform. To power a service on or off, [use the Aiven Console or Aiven CLI](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/service-power-cycle).

<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni`

Optional:

- `standby_uris` (List of String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni standby connection URIs.
- `syncing_uris` (List of String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni syncing connection URIs.
- `uri` (String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni primary connection URI.
- `uris` (List of String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni primary connection URIs.

Read-Only:

- `bouncer` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) PgBouncer connection details for [connection pooling](https://aiven.io/docs/products/postgresql/concepts/pg-connection-pooling).
- `dbname` (String, Sensitive) Primary AlloyDB Omni database name.
- `host` (String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni primary node host IP or name.
- `max_connections` (Number, Sensitive) The [number of allowed connections](https://aiven.io/docs/products/postgresql/reference/pg-connection-limits). Varies based on the service plan.
- `params` (Block List) AlloyDB Omni connection parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni--params))
- `password` (String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni admin user password.
- `port` (Number, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni port.
- `replica_uri` (String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni replica URI for services with a replica.
- `sslmode` (String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni SSL mode setting.
- `user` (String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni admin user name.

<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni--params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni.params`

Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String, Sensitive) Primary AlloyDB Omni database name.
- `host` (String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni host IP or name.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni admin user password.
- `port` (Number, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni port.
- `sslmode` (String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni SSL mode setting.
- `user` (String, Sensitive) AlloyDB Omni admin user name.



<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni_user_config`

Optional:

- `additional_backup_regions` (List of String) Additional Cloud Regions for Backup Replication.
- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive) Custom password for admin user. Defaults to random string. This must be set only when a new service is being created.
- `admin_username` (String) Custom username for admin user. This must be set only when a new service is being created. Example: `avnadmin`.
- `alloydbomni_version` (String) Enum: `15`, and newer. PostgreSQL major version.
- `backup_hour` (Number) The hour of day (in UTC) when backup for the service is started. New backup is only started if previous backup has already completed. Example: `3`.
- `backup_minute` (Number) The minute of an hour when backup for the service is started. New backup is only started if previous backup has already completed. Example: `30`.
- `enable_ipv6` (Boolean) Register AAAA DNS records for the service, and allow IPv6 packets to service ports.
- `google_columnar_engine_enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables the columnar engine. When enabled, it accelerates SQL query processing. Default: `true`.
- `google_columnar_engine_memory_size_percentage` (Number) Allocate the amount of RAM to store columnar data. Default: `10`.
- `ip_filter` (Set of String, Deprecated) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `ip_filter_object` (Block Set, Max: 8000) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--ip_filter_object))
- `ip_filter_string` (Set of String) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `node_count` (Number) Number of nodes for the service. Example: `3`.
- `pg` (Block List, Max: 1) postgresql.conf configuration values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--pg))
- `pg_read_replica` (Boolean) Should the service which is being forked be a read replica (deprecated, use read_replica service integration instead).
- `pg_service_to_fork_from` (String) Name of the PG Service from which to fork (deprecated, use service_to_fork_from). This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `anotherservicename`.
- `pg_version` (String) Enum: `15`, and newer. PostgreSQL major version.
- `pgaudit` (Block List, Max: 1) System-wide settings for the pgaudit extension (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--pgaudit))
- `pgbouncer` (Block List, Max: 1) PGBouncer connection pooling settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--pgbouncer))
- `pglookout` (Block List, Max: 1) System-wide settings for pglookout (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--pglookout))
- `private_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from private networks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--private_access))
- `privatelink_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service components through Privatelink (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--privatelink_access))
- `project_to_fork_from` (String) Name of another project to fork a service from. This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `anotherprojectname`.
- `public_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from the public Internet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--public_access))
- `recovery_target_time` (String) Recovery target time when forking a service. This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `2019-01-01 23:34:45`.
- `service_log` (Boolean) Store logs for the service so that they are available in the HTTP API and console.
- `service_to_fork_from` (String) Name of another service to fork from. This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `anotherservicename`.
- `shared_buffers_percentage` (Number) Percentage of total RAM that the database server uses for shared memory buffers. Valid range is 20-60 (float), which corresponds to 20% - 60%. This setting adjusts the shared_buffers configuration value. Changing this parameter causes a service restart. Example: `41.5`.
- `static_ips` (Boolean) Use static public IP addresses.
- `synchronous_replication` (String) Enum: `off`, `quorum`. Synchronous replication type. Note that the service plan also needs to support synchronous replication.
- `variant` (String) Enum: `aiven`, `timescale`. Variant of the PostgreSQL service, may affect the features that are exposed by default.
- `work_mem` (Number) Sets the maximum amount of memory to be used by a query operation (such as a sort or hash table) before writing to temporary disk files, in MB. The default is 1MB + 0.075% of total RAM (up to 32MB). Example: `4`.

<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--ip_filter_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni_user_config.ip_filter_object`

Required:

- `network` (String) CIDR address block. Example: `10.20.0.0/16`.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description for IP filter list entry. Example: `Production service IP range`.


<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--pg"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni_user_config.pg`

Optional:

- `autovacuum_analyze_scale_factor` (Number) Specifies a fraction of the table size to add to autovacuum_analyze_threshold when deciding whether to trigger an ANALYZE (e.g. `0.2` for 20% of the table size). The default is `0.2`.
- `autovacuum_analyze_threshold` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of inserted, updated or deleted tuples needed to trigger an ANALYZE in any one table. The default is `50`.
- `autovacuum_freeze_max_age` (Number) Specifies the maximum age (in transactions) that a table's pg_class.relfrozenxid field can attain before a VACUUM operation is forced to prevent transaction ID wraparound within the table. The system launches autovacuum processes to prevent wraparound even when autovacuum is otherwise disabled. Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `autovacuum_max_workers` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of autovacuum processes (other than the autovacuum launcher) that may be running at any one time. The default is `3`. Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `autovacuum_naptime` (Number) Specifies the minimum delay between autovacuum runs on any given database. The delay is measured in seconds. The default is `60`.
- `autovacuum_vacuum_cost_delay` (Number) Specifies the cost delay value that will be used in automatic VACUUM operations. If `-1` is specified, the regular vacuum_cost_delay value will be used. The default is `2` (upstream default).
- `autovacuum_vacuum_cost_limit` (Number) Specifies the cost limit value that will be used in automatic VACUUM operations. If `-1` is specified, the regular vacuum_cost_limit value will be used. The default is `-1` (upstream default).
- `autovacuum_vacuum_scale_factor` (Number) Specifies a fraction of the table size to add to autovacuum_vacuum_threshold when deciding whether to trigger a VACUUM (e.g. `0.2` for 20% of the table size). The default is `0.2`.
- `autovacuum_vacuum_threshold` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of updated or deleted tuples needed to trigger a VACUUM in any one table. The default is `50`.
- `bgwriter_delay` (Number) Specifies the delay between activity rounds for the background writer in milliseconds. The default is `200`. Example: `200`.
- `bgwriter_flush_after` (Number) Whenever more than bgwriter_flush_after bytes have been written by the background writer, attempt to force the OS to issue these writes to the underlying storage. Specified in kilobytes. Setting of 0 disables forced writeback. The default is `512`. Example: `512`.
- `bgwriter_lru_maxpages` (Number) In each round, no more than this many buffers will be written by the background writer. Setting this to zero disables background writing. The default is `100`. Example: `100`.
- `bgwriter_lru_multiplier` (Number) The average recent need for new buffers is multiplied by bgwriter_lru_multiplier to arrive at an estimate of the number that will be needed during the next round, (up to bgwriter_lru_maxpages). 1.0 represents a “just in time” policy of writing exactly the number of buffers predicted to be needed. Larger values provide some cushion against spikes in demand, while smaller values intentionally leave writes to be done by server processes. The default is `2.0`. Example: `2`.
- `deadlock_timeout` (Number) This is the amount of time, in milliseconds, to wait on a lock before checking to see if there is a deadlock condition. The default is `1000` (upstream default). Example: `1000`.
- `default_toast_compression` (String) Enum: `lz4`, `pglz`. Specifies the default TOAST compression method for values of compressible columns. The default is `lz4`.
- `idle_in_transaction_session_timeout` (Number) Time out sessions with open transactions after this number of milliseconds.
- `jit` (Boolean) Controls system-wide use of Just-in-Time Compilation (JIT).
- `log_autovacuum_min_duration` (Number) Causes each action executed by autovacuum to be logged if it ran for at least the specified number of milliseconds. Setting this to zero logs all autovacuum actions. Minus-one disables logging autovacuum actions. The default is `1000`.
- `log_error_verbosity` (String) Enum: `DEFAULT`, `TERSE`, `VERBOSE`. Controls the amount of detail written in the server log for each message that is logged.
- `log_line_prefix` (String) Enum: `'%m [%p] %q[user=%u,db=%d,app=%a] '`, `'%t [%p]: [%l-1] user=%u,db=%d,app=%a,client=%h '`, `'pid=%p,user=%u,db=%d,app=%a,client=%h '`, `'pid=%p,user=%u,db=%d,app=%a,client=%h,txid=%x,qid=%Q '`. Choose from one of the available log formats.
- `log_min_duration_statement` (Number) Log statements that take more than this number of milliseconds to run, -1 disables.
- `log_temp_files` (Number) Log statements for each temporary file created larger than this number of kilobytes, -1 disables.
- `max_files_per_process` (Number) PostgreSQL maximum number of files that can be open per process. The default is `1000` (upstream default). Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `max_locks_per_transaction` (Number) PostgreSQL maximum locks per transaction. Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `max_logical_replication_workers` (Number) PostgreSQL maximum logical replication workers (taken from the pool of max_parallel_workers). The default is `4` (upstream default). Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `max_parallel_workers` (Number) Sets the maximum number of workers that the system can support for parallel queries. The default is `8` (upstream default).
- `max_parallel_workers_per_gather` (Number) Sets the maximum number of workers that can be started by a single Gather or Gather Merge node. The default is `2` (upstream default).
- `max_pred_locks_per_transaction` (Number) PostgreSQL maximum predicate locks per transaction. The default is `64` (upstream default). Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `max_prepared_transactions` (Number) PostgreSQL maximum prepared transactions. The default is `0`. Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `max_replication_slots` (Number) PostgreSQL maximum replication slots. The default is `20`. Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `max_slot_wal_keep_size` (Number) PostgreSQL maximum WAL size (MB) reserved for replication slots. If `-1` is specified, replication slots may retain an unlimited amount of WAL files. The default is `-1` (upstream default). wal_keep_size minimum WAL size setting takes precedence over this.
- `max_stack_depth` (Number) Maximum depth of the stack in bytes. The default is `2097152` (upstream default).
- `max_standby_archive_delay` (Number) Max standby archive delay in milliseconds. The default is `30000` (upstream default).
- `max_standby_streaming_delay` (Number) Max standby streaming delay in milliseconds. The default is `30000` (upstream default).
- `max_sync_workers_per_subscription` (Number) Maximum number of synchronization workers per subscription. The default is `2`.
- `max_wal_senders` (Number) PostgreSQL maximum WAL senders. The default is `20`. Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `max_worker_processes` (Number) Sets the maximum number of background processes that the system can support. The default is `8`. Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `password_encryption` (String) Enum: `md5`, `scram-sha-256`. Chooses the algorithm for encrypting passwords.
- `pg_partman_bgw__dot__interval` (Number) Sets the time interval in seconds to run pg_partman's scheduled tasks. The default is `3600`. Example: `3600`.
- `pg_partman_bgw__dot__role` (String) Controls which role to use for pg_partman's scheduled background tasks. Example: `myrolename`.
- `pg_stat_statements__dot__track` (String) Enum: `all`, `none`, `top`. Controls which statements are counted. Specify top to track top-level statements (those issued directly by clients), all to also track nested statements (such as statements invoked within functions), or none to disable statement statistics collection. The default is `top`.
- `temp_file_limit` (Number) PostgreSQL temporary file limit in KiB, -1 for unlimited.
- `timezone` (String) PostgreSQL service timezone. Example: `Europe/Helsinki`.
- `track_activity_query_size` (Number) Specifies the number of bytes reserved to track the currently executing command for each active session. Changing this parameter causes a service restart. Example: `1024`.
- `track_commit_timestamp` (String) Enum: `off`, `on`. Record commit time of transactions. Changing this parameter causes a service restart.
- `track_functions` (String) Enum: `all`, `none`, `pl`. Enables tracking of function call counts and time used.
- `track_io_timing` (String) Enum: `off`, `on`. Enables timing of database I/O calls. The default is `off`. When on, it will repeatedly query the operating system for the current time, which may cause significant overhead on some platforms.
- `wal_sender_timeout` (Number) Terminate replication connections that are inactive for longer than this amount of time, in milliseconds. Setting this value to zero disables the timeout. Example: `60000`.
- `wal_writer_delay` (Number) WAL flush interval in milliseconds. The default is `200`. Setting this parameter to a lower value may negatively impact performance. Example: `50`.


<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--pgaudit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni_user_config.pgaudit`

Optional:

- `feature_enabled` (Boolean) Enable pgaudit extension. When enabled, pgaudit extension will be automatically installed.Otherwise, extension will be uninstalled but auditing configurations will be preserved. Default: `false`.
- `log` (List of String) Specifies which classes of statements will be logged by session audit logging.
- `log_catalog` (Boolean) Specifies that session logging should be enabled in the case where all relations in a statement are in pg_catalog. Default: `true`.
- `log_client` (Boolean) Specifies whether log messages will be visible to a client process such as psql. Default: `false`.
- `log_level` (String) Enum: `debug1`, `debug2`, `debug3`, `debug4`, `debug5`, `info`, `log`, `notice`, `warning`. Specifies the log level that will be used for log entries. Default: `log`.
- `log_max_string_length` (Number) Crop parameters representation and whole statements if they exceed this threshold. A (default) value of -1 disable the truncation. Default: `-1`.
- `log_nested_statements` (Boolean) This GUC allows to turn off logging nested statements, that is, statements that are executed as part of another ExecutorRun. Default: `true`.
- `log_parameter` (Boolean) Specifies that audit logging should include the parameters that were passed with the statement. Default: `false`.
- `log_parameter_max_size` (Number) Specifies that parameter values longer than this setting (in bytes) should not be logged, but replaced with <long param suppressed>. Default: `0`.
- `log_relation` (Boolean) Specifies whether session audit logging should create a separate log entry for each relation (TABLE, VIEW, etc.) referenced in a SELECT or DML statement. Default: `false`.
- `log_rows` (Boolean) Log Rows. Default: `false`.
- `log_statement` (Boolean) Specifies whether logging will include the statement text and parameters (if enabled). Default: `true`.
- `log_statement_once` (Boolean) Specifies whether logging will include the statement text and parameters with the first log entry for a statement/substatement combination or with every entry. Default: `false`.
- `role` (String) Specifies the master role to use for object audit logging.


<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--pgbouncer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni_user_config.pgbouncer`

Optional:

- `autodb_idle_timeout` (Number) If the automatically created database pools have been unused this many seconds, they are freed. If 0 then timeout is disabled. (seconds). Default: `3600`.
- `autodb_max_db_connections` (Number) Do not allow more than this many server connections per database (regardless of user). Setting it to 0 means unlimited. Example: `0`.
- `autodb_pool_mode` (String) Enum: `session`, `statement`, `transaction`. PGBouncer pool mode. Default: `transaction`.
- `autodb_pool_size` (Number) If non-zero then create automatically a pool of that size per user when a pool doesn't exist. Default: `0`.
- `ignore_startup_parameters` (List of String) List of parameters to ignore when given in startup packet.
- `max_prepared_statements` (Number) PgBouncer tracks protocol-level named prepared statements related commands sent by the client in transaction and statement pooling modes when max_prepared_statements is set to a non-zero value. Setting it to 0 disables prepared statements. max_prepared_statements defaults to 100, and its maximum is 3000. Default: `100`.
- `min_pool_size` (Number) Add more server connections to pool if below this number. Improves behavior when usual load comes suddenly back after period of total inactivity. The value is effectively capped at the pool size. Default: `0`.
- `server_idle_timeout` (Number) If a server connection has been idle more than this many seconds it will be dropped. If 0 then timeout is disabled. (seconds). Default: `600`.
- `server_lifetime` (Number) The pooler will close an unused server connection that has been connected longer than this. (seconds). Default: `3600`.
- `server_reset_query_always` (Boolean) Run server_reset_query (DISCARD ALL) in all pooling modes. Default: `false`.


<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--pglookout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni_user_config.pglookout`

Optional:

- `max_failover_replication_time_lag` (Number) Number of seconds of master unavailability before triggering database failover to standby. Default: `60`.


<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--private_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni_user_config.private_access`

Optional:

- `pg` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to pg with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.
- `pgbouncer` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to pgbouncer with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to prometheus with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.


<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--privatelink_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni_user_config.privatelink_access`

Optional:

- `pg` (Boolean) Enable pg.
- `pgbouncer` (Boolean) Enable pgbouncer.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Enable prometheus.


<a id="nestedblock--alloydbomni_user_config--public_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alloydbomni_user_config.public_access`

Optional:

- `pg` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to pg from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `pgbouncer` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to pgbouncer from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to prometheus from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.



<a id="nestedblock--service_integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_integrations`

Required:

- `integration_type` (String) Type of the service integration. The possible value is `read_replica`.
- `source_service_name` (String) Name of the source service


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `key` (String) Service tag key
- `value` (String) Service tag value


<a id="nestedblock--tech_emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tech_emails`

Required:

- `email` (String) An email address to contact for technical issues


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Read-Only:

- `component` (String)
- `connection_uri` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `kafka_authentication_method` (String)
- `kafka_ssl_ca` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `route` (String)
- `ssl` (Boolean)
- `usage` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_alloydbomni.example_alloydbomni PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME
```
