---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_alloydbomni_database Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages a database in an Aiven for AlloyDB Omni service.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
---

# aiven_alloydbomni_database (Resource)

Creates and manages a database in an Aiven for AlloyDB Omni service.

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) The name of the service database. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `lc_collate` (String) Default string sort order (`LC_COLLATE`) of the database. The default value is `en_US.UTF-8`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `lc_ctype` (String) Default character classification (`LC_CTYPE`) of the database. The default value is `en_US.UTF-8`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
