---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_azure_vpc_peering_connection Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Azure VPC Peering Connection resource allows the creation and management of Aiven VPC Peering Connections.
---

# aiven_azure_vpc_peering_connection (Resource)

The Azure VPC Peering Connection resource allows the creation and management of Aiven VPC Peering Connections.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_azure_vpc_peering_connection" "foo" {
  vpc_id                = data.aiven_project_vpc.vpc.id
  azure_subscription_id = "xxxxxx"
  peer_resource_group   = "my-pr1"
  vnet_name             = "my-vnet1"
  peer_azure_app_id     = "xxxxxx"
  peer_azure_tenant_id  = "xxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `azure_subscription_id` (String) Azure Subscription ID. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `peer_azure_app_id` (String) Azure app registration id in UUID4 form that is allowed to create a peering to the peer vnet. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `peer_azure_tenant_id` (String) Azure tenant id in UUID4 form. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `peer_resource_group` (String) Azure resource group name of the peered VPC. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `vnet_name` (String) Azure Network name. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC the peering connection belongs to. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `peering_connection_id` (String) Cloud provider identifier for the peering connection if available
- `state` (String) State of the peering connection
- `state_info` (Map of String) State-specific help or error information

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_azure_vpc_peering_connection.foo project_name/vpc_id/azure_subscription_id/vnet_name
```
