---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_billing_group Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages billing groups https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/billing-groups and assigns them to projects.
---

# aiven_billing_group (Resource)

Creates and manages [billing groups](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/billing-groups) and assigns them to projects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_billing_group" "example" {
  parent_id = "foo"
  name      = "my billing group"

  // OPTIONAL FIELDS
  card_id                 = "9330c086-8781-11e5-89ff-5404a64abfef"
  vat_id                  = "FI27957435"
  address_lines           = ["Main Street 1"]
  billing_contact_emails  = ["jane@example.com"]
  billing_currency        = "USD"
  billing_emails          = ["test@example.com"]
  billing_extra_text      = "Purchase order: PO100018"
  city                    = "Helsinki"
  company                 = "My Company"
  copy_from_billing_group = "ffb3f0cd-5532-4eb9-8867-f2cac5823492" // Force new
  country_code            = "FI"
  state                   = "foo"
  zip_code                = "01234"

  /* COMPUTED FIELDS
  billing_group_id = "1a2b3c4d-5e6f-7a8b-9c0d-1e2f3a4b5c6d"
  */
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Billing group name. Maximum length: `128`.
- `parent_id` (String) Link a billing group to an existing organization by using its ID.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String, Deprecated) Account ID. Maximum length: `36`. **Deprecated**: Use `parent_id` instead. This field will be removed in the next major release.
- `address_lines` (Set of String) Address lines 1 and 2. For example, street, PO box, or building.
- `billing_contact_emails` (Set of String) List of billing groups contact email addresses.
- `billing_currency` (String) Billing currency. The possible values are `AUD`, `CAD`, `CHF`, `DKK`, `EUR`, `GBP`, `JPY`, `NOK`, `NZD`, `SEK`, `SGD` and `USD`.
- `billing_emails` (Set of String) List of project billing email addresses.
- `billing_extra_text` (String) Extra text to be included in all project invoices, e.g. purchase order or cost center number. Maximum length: `1000`.
- `card_id` (String) Credit card ID. Maximum length: `64`.
- `city` (String) Address city. Maximum length: `512`.
- `company` (String) Name of a company. Maximum length: `128`.
- `copy_from_billing_group` (String) Billing group ID. Length must be exactly `36`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `country_code` (String) Two letter country code for billing country. Maximum length: `2`.
- `state` (String) Address state or province. Maximum length: `128`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `vat_id` (String) EU VAT Identification Number. Maximum length: `64`.
- `zip_code` (String) Address zip code. Maximum length: `32`.

### Read-Only

- `billing_group_id` (String) The [ID of the billing group](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/reference/get-resource-IDs#get-a-billing-group-id). To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference.
- `id` (String) Resource ID, equal to `billing_group_id`.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `default` (String, Deprecated) Timeout for all operations. Deprecated, use operation-specific timeouts instead.
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_billing_group.example BILLING_GROUP_ID
```
