---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_byoc_permissions Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Grants accounts and projects access to a BYOC custom cloud environment.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
---

# aiven_byoc_permissions (Resource)

Grants accounts and projects access to a BYOC custom cloud environment.

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `custom_cloud_environment_id` (String) ID of a custom cloud environment. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `organization_id` (String) ID of an organization. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `accounts` (Set of String) Account IDs to grant access to this BYOC cloud. Granting access to an account grants access to all projects under it.
- `project_names` (Set of String) Project names to grant access to this BYOC cloud.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource ID, a composite of `organization_id` and `custom_cloud_environment_id` IDs.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
