---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_byoc_aws_entity Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages a BYOC custom cloud environment on AWS. This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
---

# aiven_byoc_aws_entity (Resource)

Creates and manages a BYOC custom cloud environment on AWS. **This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_byoc_aws_entity" "example" {
  organization_id  = data.aiven_organization.example.id
  cloud_provider   = "aws"
  cloud_region     = "eu-west-1"
  deployment_model = "standard"
  display_name     = "My BYOC Cloud"
  reserved_cidr    = "10.0.0.0/16"

  aws_iam_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/aiven-byoc-role"

  contact_emails {
    email = "admin@example.com"
  }

  tags = {
    environment = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud provider for the BYOC cloud. The possible values are `aws`, `azure`, `google` and `oracle`.
- `cloud_region` (String) Cloud region for the BYOC cloud. Maximum length: `32`.
- `deployment_model` (String) Deployment model for the BYOC cloud. The possible values are `direct_ipsec_ingress`, `ipsec_ingress`, `standard` and `standard_public`.
- `display_name` (String) Short name for this BYOC cloud. Maximum length: `64`.
- `organization_id` (String) ID of an organization. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `reserved_cidr` (String) CIDR range reserved for Aiven provisioned networks in the BYOC cloud. Maximum length: `18`.

### Optional

- `aws_iam_role_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name. Maximum length: `2048`.
- `contact_emails` (Block Set) Email addresses for notifications and alerts for this BYOC cloud. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--contact_emails))
- `tags` (Map of String) Set of resource tags.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `aiven_assume_role_external_id` (String) External ID for assuming the IAM role for controlling the BYOC account.
- `aiven_aws_account_principal` (String) Entity that assumes the IAM role for controlling the BYOC account.
- `aiven_aws_object_storage_credentials_creator_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name.
- `aiven_management_cidr_blocks` (Set of String) IP address ranges for incoming connections to the bastion host from the Aiven management plane.
- `aiven_object_storage_credentials_creator_user` (String) Google account identifier.
- `aiven_object_storage_user_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name.
- `aws_subnets_bastion` (Map of String) Subnets to build in the bastion VPC.
- `aws_subnets_workload` (Map of String) Subnets to build in the workload VPC.
- `bucket_names` (Map of String) Names and usages of buckets required for workloads.
- `byoc_name` (String) Name for all the resources created for the custom cloud environment.
- `custom_cloud_environment_id` (String) ID of a custom cloud environment.
- `custom_cloud_names` (Set of String) Cloud names that can be used to provision a service on this BYOC.
- `custom_tags` (Map of String) Set of tags for the resources provisioned on the BYOC account.
- `errors` (Block Set) List of errors for this custom cloud environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--errors))
- `id` (String) Resource ID composed as: `organization_id/custom_cloud_environment_id`.
- `state` (String) State of this BYOC cloud. The possible values are `active`, `creating`, `creation_failed`, `deleted`, `deleting`, `deletion_failed`, `disconnected`, `draft`, `reconnecting` and `validating`.
- `update_time` (String) Custom cloud environment last update timestamp (ISO 8601).
- `use_customer_owned_storage` (Boolean) True if this BYOC cloud is using customer owned storage.

<a id="nestedblock--contact_emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `contact_emails`

Required:

- `email` (String) User email address. Maximum length: `254`.

Optional:

- `real_name` (String) User real name. Maximum length: `256`.
- `role` (String) Role of this user. Maximum length: `256`.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedblock--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `errors`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) Category of this error. The possible value is `general_error`.
- `message` (String) Description of this error.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_byoc_aws_entity.example ORGANIZATION_ID/CUSTOM_CLOUD_ENVIRONMENT_ID
```
