---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_clickhouse_database Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Clickhouse Database resource allows the creation and management of Aiven Clickhouse Databases.
---

# aiven_clickhouse_database (Resource)

The Clickhouse Database resource allows the creation and management of Aiven Clickhouse Databases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_clickhouse_database" "clickhouse_db" {
  project      = aiven_clickhouse.ch.project
  service_name = aiven_clickhouse.ch.service_name
  name         = "my-ch-db"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Clickhouse database. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `termination_protection` (Boolean) It is a Terraform client-side deletion protections, which prevents the Clickhouse database from being deleted by Terraform. It is recommended to enable this for any production Clickhouse databases containing critical data. The default value is `false`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_clickhouse_database.clickhouse_db PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME/NAME
```
