---
page_title: "aiven_cmk Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages customer managed keys https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/bring-your-own-key (CMKs) for encrypting service data. Use your own CMKs from your cloud provider's key management service (KMS) to encrypt data for all services in an Aiven project. This gives you complete control over your encryption keys, meaning you can independently manage the key lifecycle and access policies.
---
# aiven_cmk (Resource)
Creates and manages [customer managed keys](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/bring-your-own-key) (CMKs) for encrypting service data. Use your own CMKs from your cloud provider's key management service (KMS) to encrypt data for all services in an Aiven project. This gives you complete control over your encryption keys, meaning you can independently manage the key lifecycle and access policies.

~> **Warning**
If you remove a CMK, the services linked to the key will stop working. Migrate the services to another CMK or an Aiven-managed key before removing the CMK.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "aiven_cmk" "example" {
  project      = "my-project" // Force new
  cmk_provider = "aws" // Force new
  resource     = "my-resource" // Force new

  // OPTIONAL FIELDS
  default_cmk = false

  /* COMPUTED FIELDS
  cmk_id     = "1a2b3c4d-5e6f-7a8b-9c0d-1e2f3a4b5c6d"
  created_at = "2021-01-01T00:00:00Z"
  status     = "current"
  updated_at = "2021-01-01T00:00:00Z"
  */
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cmk_provider` (String) The cloud provider hosting the key management service (KMS). The possible values are `aws`, `gcp` and `oci`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) Project name. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `resource` (String) The unique identifier for the CMK in the cloud provider's KMS. In AWS, this is the Key ARN; in Google Cloud the Resource Name; and in Oracle Cloud the Key OCID. Length must be between `1` and `512`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `default_cmk` (Boolean) Mark the created CMK as default for all newly created services.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `cmk_id` (String) Customer Managed Key identifier (CMK ID).
- `created_at` (String) Created At.
- `id` (String) Resource ID composed as: `project/cmk_id`.
- `status` (String) Status. The possible values are `current`, `deleted` and `old`.
- `updated_at` (String) Updated At.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import aiven_cmk.example PROJECT/CMK_ID
```
