---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_connection_pool Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages a connection pool https://aiven.io/docs/products/postgresql/concepts/pg-connection-pooling in an Aiven for PostgreSQL® service. If this resource is missing (for example, after a service power off), it's removed from the state and a new create plan is generated.
---

# aiven_connection_pool (Resource)

Creates and manages a [connection pool](https://aiven.io/docs/products/postgresql/concepts/pg-connection-pooling) in an Aiven for PostgreSQL® service. If this resource is missing (for example, after a service power off), it's removed from the state and a new create plan is generated.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_connection_pool" "main" {
  project       = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  service_name  = aiven_pg.example_postgres.service_name
  database_name = aiven_pg_database.main.database_name
  pool_mode     = "transaction"
  pool_name     = "example-pool"
  pool_size     = 10
  username      = aiven_pg_user.example_user.username
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) Service database name. Maximum length: `63`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `pool_name` (String) PgBouncer connection pool name. Maximum length: `63`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) Project name. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Service name. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `pool_mode` (String) PGBouncer pool mode. The possible values are `session`, `statement` and `transaction`. The default value is `transaction`.
- `pool_size` (Number) Size of PGBouncer's PostgreSQL side connection pool. Value must be between `1` and `10000`. The default value is `10`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `username` (String) Service username. Length must be between `1` and `64`.

### Read-Only

- `connection_uri` (String, Sensitive) Connection URI for the DB pool.
- `id` (String) Resource ID composed as: `project/service_name/pool_name`.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `default` (String, Deprecated) Timeout for all operations. Deprecated, use operation-specific timeouts instead.
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_connection_pool.example PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME/POOL_NAME
```
