---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_database Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Database resource allows the creation and management of Aiven Databases.
---

# aiven_database (Resource)

The Database resource allows the creation and management of Aiven Databases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_database" "mydatabase" {
  project       = aiven_project.myproject.project
  service_name  = aiven_pg.mypg.service_name
  database_name = "<DATABASE_NAME>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) The name of the service database. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) Identifies the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `lc_collate` (String) Default string sort order (`LC_COLLATE`) of the database. The default value is `en_US.UTF-8`. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `lc_ctype` (String) Default character classification (`LC_CTYPE`) of the database. The default value is `en_US.UTF-8`. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `termination_protection` (Boolean) It is a Terraform client-side deletion protections, which prevents the database from being deleted by Terraform. It is recommended to enable this for any production databases containing critical data. The default value is `false`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_database.mydatabase project/service_name/database_name
```
