---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_elasticsearch_acl Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource is deprecated, please use aiven_elasticsearch_acl_configand aiven_elasticsearch_acl_rule
  The Elasticsearch ACL resource allows the creation and management of ACLs for an Aiven Elasticsearch service.
---

# aiven_elasticsearch_acl (Resource)

**This resource is deprecated, please use `aiven_elasticsearch_acl_config`and `aiven_elasticsearch_acl_rule`**

The Elasticsearch ACL resource allows the creation and management of ACLs for an Aiven Elasticsearch service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_elasticsearch_acl" "es-acls" {
  project      = aiven_project.es-project.project
  service_name = aiven_service.es.service_name
  enabled      = true
  extended_acl = false
  acl {
    username = aiven_service_user.es-user.username
    rule {
      index      = "_*"
      permission = "admin"
    }

    rule {
      index      = "*"
      permission = "admin"
    }
  }

  acl {
    username = "avnadmin"
    rule {
      index      = "_*"
      permission = "read"
    }

    rule {
      index      = "*"
      permission = "read"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **project** (String) Identifies the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- **service_name** (String) Specifies the name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- **acl** (Block Set) List of Elasticsearch ACLs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--acl))
- **enabled** (Boolean) Enable Elasticsearch ACLs. When disabled authenticated service users have unrestricted access. The default value is `true`.
- **extended_acl** (Boolean) Index rules can be applied in a limited fashion to the _mget, _msearch and _bulk APIs (and only those) by enabling the ExtendedAcl option for the service. When it is enabled, users can use these APIs as long as all operations only target indexes they have been granted access to. The default value is `true`.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Required:

- **rule** (Block Set, Min: 1) Elasticsearch rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--acl--rule))
- **username** (String) Username for the ACL entry. Maximum Length: `40`.

<a id="nestedblock--acl--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl.rule`

Required:

- **index** (String) Elasticsearch index pattern. Maximum Length: `249`.
- **permission** (String) Elasticsearch permission. The possible values are `deny`, `admin`, `read`, `readwrite` and `write`.


