---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_flink_application Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven for Apache Flink® application https://aiven.io/docs/products/flink/concepts/flink-applications. If this resource is missing (for example, after a service power off), it's removed from the state and a new create plan is generated.
---

# aiven_flink_application (Resource)

Creates and manages an [Aiven for Apache Flink® application](https://aiven.io/docs/products/flink/concepts/flink-applications). If this resource is missing (for example, after a service power off), it's removed from the state and a new create plan is generated.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_flink_application" "example" {
  project      = "my-project" // Force new
  service_name = "my-application" // Force new
  name         = "TestJob"

  /* COMPUTED FIELDS
  application_id = "foo"
  created_at     = "2021-01-01T00:00:00Z"
  created_by     = "foo"
  updated_at     = "2021-01-01T00:00:00Z"
  updated_by     = "foo"
  */
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Application name. Maximum length: `128`.
- `project` (String) Project name. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Service name. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `application_id` (String) Application ID.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of this entity in ISO 8601 format, always in UTC.
- `created_by` (String) The creator of this entity.
- `id` (String) Resource ID composed as: `project/service_name/application_id`.
- `updated_at` (String) The update timestamp of this entity in ISO 8601 format, always in UTC.
- `updated_by` (String) The latest updater of this entity.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `default` (String, Deprecated) Timeout for all operations. Deprecated, use operation-specific timeouts instead.
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_flink_application.example PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME/APPLICATION_ID
```
