---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_governance_access Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Request access to an Apache Kafka topic in Aiven for Apache Kafka® Governance. Governance https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/howto/governance helps you manage your Kafka clusters securely and efficiently through structured policies, roles, and processes. You can manage approval workflows using Terraform and GitHub Actions https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/howto/terraform-governance-approvals.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
---

# aiven_governance_access (Resource)

Request access to an Apache Kafka topic in Aiven for Apache Kafka® Governance. [Governance](https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/howto/governance) helps you manage your Kafka clusters securely and efficiently through structured policies, roles, and processes. You can [manage approval workflows using Terraform and GitHub Actions](https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/howto/terraform-governance-approvals). 

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_governance_access" "example_access" {
 organization_id = data.aiven_organization.main.id
 access_name     = "example-topic-access"
 access_type     = "KAFKA"

 access_data {
   project      = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
   service_name = aiven_kafka.example_kafka.service_name

   acls {
     resource_name   = "example-topic"
     resource_type   = "Topic"
     operation       = "Read"
     permission_type = "ALLOW"
     host            = "*"
   }
 }

 owner_user_group_id = aiven_organization_user_group.example.group_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_name` (String) Label to describe the access. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `access_type` (String) An enumeration. The possible value is `KAFKA`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `organization_id` (String) ID of an organization. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `access_data` (Block List) Required property. access type specific data. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_data))
- `owner_user_group_id` (String) The ID of the group that will own the access. Maximum length: `36`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource ID, a composite of `organization_id` and `susbcription_id` IDs.
- `susbcription_id` (String) The ID of the access.

<a id="nestedblock--access_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_data`

Required:

- `project` (String) Project name. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Service name. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

Optional:

- `acls` (Block Set) Required property. Acls. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_data--acls))
- `username` (String) The service username assigned to the access. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--access_data--acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_data.acls`

Required:

- `operation` (String) An enumeration. The possible values are `Read` and `Write`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `permission_type` (String) An enumeration. The possible value is `ALLOW`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `resource_name` (String) Acl resource name. Maximum length: `256`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `resource_type` (String) An enumeration. The possible value is `Topic`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

Optional:

- `host` (String) The IP address from which a principal is allowed or denied access to the resource. Use `*` for all hosts. Maximum length: `256`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Acl ID.
- `pattern_type` (String) An enumeration. The possible value is `LITERAL`.
- `principal` (String) Acl principal.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
