---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_governance_subscription Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages governance subscriptions for an organization. Governance subscriptions provide convenient management and access to service resources and is part of Aiven Kafka Governance.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
---

# aiven_governance_subscription (Resource)

Creates and manages governance subscriptions for an organization. Governance subscriptions provide convenient management and access to service resources and is part of Aiven Kafka Governance. 

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `subscription_data` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The data defined by subscription_type. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subscription_data))
- `subscription_name` (String) The name to describe the subscription. Maximum length: `54`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `subscription_type` (String) The type of subscription. For example KAFKA. The possible value is `KAFKA`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `owner_user_group_id` (String) The ID of the user group that owns the subscription. Maximum length: `54`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `susbcription_id` (String) The ID of the subscription.

<a id="nestedblock--subscription_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data`

Required:

- `acls` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 10) The permissions granted to the assigned service user. Maximum length: `54`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subscription_data--acls))
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

Optional:

- `username` (String) The name that will be used for the new service user assigned to the subscription. If not provided, name is automatically generated. Maximum length: `54`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--subscription_data--acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_data.acls`

Required:

- `operation` (String) The action that will be allowed for the service user. The possible values are `Read` and `Write`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `permission_type` (String) Specifies whether the action is explicitly allowed or denied for the service user on the specified resource. The possible value is `ALLOW`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `resource_name` (String) The name of the resource the permission applies to, such as the topic name or group ID in Kafka service. Maximum length: `256`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `resource_type` (String) The type of resource on the service. The possible value is `Topic`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

Optional:

- `host` (String) The IP address from which a principal is allowed or denied access to the resource. Use `*` for all hosts. Maximum length: `256`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The acl id.
- `pattern_type` (String) Resource pattern used to match specified resources. The possible value is `LITERAL`.
- `principal` (String) Identities in `user:name` format that the permissions apply to.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
