---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_grafana Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven for Grafana® https://aiven.io/docs/products/grafana service.
---

# aiven_grafana (Resource)

Creates and manages an [Aiven for Grafana®](https://aiven.io/docs/products/grafana) service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_grafana" "example_grafana" {
  project                 = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  cloud_name              = "google-europe-west1"
  plan                    = "startup-1"
  service_name            = "example-grafana-service"
  maintenance_window_dow  = "monday"
  maintenance_window_time = "10:00:00"

  grafana_user_config {
    alerting_enabled = true

    public_access {
      grafana = true
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `plan` (String) Defines what kind of computing resources are allocated for the service. It can be changed after creation, though there are some restrictions when going to a smaller plan such as the new plan must have sufficient amount of disk space to store all current data and switching to a plan with fewer nodes might not be supported. The basic plan names are `hobbyist`, `startup-x`, `business-x` and `premium-x` where `x` is (roughly) the amount of memory on each node (also other attributes like number of CPUs and amount of disk space varies but naming is based on memory). The available options can be seen from the [Aiven pricing page](https://aiven.io/pricing).
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the actual name of the service. The name cannot be changed later without destroying and re-creating the service so name should be picked based on intended service usage rather than current attributes.

### Optional

- `additional_disk_space` (String) Add [disk storage](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/add-storage-space) in increments of 30  GiB to scale your service. The maximum value depends on the service type and cloud provider. Removing additional storage causes the service nodes to go through a rolling restart, and there might be a short downtime for services without an autoscaler integration or high availability capabilities. The field can be safely removed when autoscaler is enabled without causing any changes.
- `cloud_name` (String) The cloud provider and region the service is hosted in. The format is `provider-region`, for example: `google-europe-west1`. The [available cloud regions](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/reference/list_of_clouds) can differ per project and service. Changing this value [migrates the service to another cloud provider or region](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/migrate-services-cloud-region). The migration runs in the background and includes a DNS update to redirect traffic to the new region. Most services experience no downtime, but some databases may have a brief interruption during DNS propagation.
- `disk_space` (String, Deprecated) Service disk space. Possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Therefore, reducing will result in the service rebalancing. Please use `additional_disk_space` to specify the space to be added to the default disk space defined by the plan.
- `grafana` (Block List, Max: 1) Values provided by the Grafana server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana))
- `grafana_user_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Grafana user configurable settings. **Warning:** There's no way to reset advanced configuration options to default. Options that you add cannot be removed later (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config))
- `maintenance_window_dow` (String) Day of week when maintenance operations should be performed. One monday, tuesday, wednesday, etc.
- `maintenance_window_time` (String) Time of day when maintenance operations should be performed. UTC time in HH:mm:ss format.
- `project_vpc_id` (String) Specifies the VPC the service should run in. If the value is not set, the service runs on the Public Internet. When set, the value should be given as a reference to set up dependencies correctly, and the VPC must be in the same cloud and region as the service itself. The service can be freely moved to and from VPC after creation, but doing so triggers migration to new servers, so the operation can take a significant amount of time to complete if the service has a lot of data.
- `service_integrations` (Block Set) Service integrations to specify when creating a service. Not applied after initial service creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_integrations))
- `static_ips` (Set of String) Static IPs that are going to be associated with this service. Please assign a value using the 'toset' function. Once a static ip resource is in the 'assigned' state it cannot be unbound from the node again
- `tag` (Block Set) Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to categorize services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `tech_emails` (Block Set) The email addresses for [service contacts](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/technical-emails), who will receive important alerts and updates about this service. You can also set email contacts at the project level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tech_emails))
- `termination_protection` (Boolean) Prevents the service from being deleted. It is recommended to set this to `true` for all production services to prevent unintentional service deletion. This does not shield against deleting databases or topics but for services with backups much of the content can at least be restored from backup in case accidental deletion is done.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `components` (List of Object) Service component information objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `disk_space_cap` (String) The maximum disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project.
- `disk_space_default` (String) The default disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Its also the minimum value for `disk_space`
- `disk_space_step` (String) The default disk space step of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. `disk_space` needs to increment from `disk_space_default` by increments of this size.
- `disk_space_used` (String) The disk space that the service is currently using. This is the sum of `disk_space` and `additional_disk_space` in human-readable format (for example: `90GiB`).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `maintenance_window_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the maintenance window is currently enabled for this service.
- `service_host` (String) The hostname of the service.
- `service_password` (String, Sensitive) Password used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `service_port` (Number) The port of the service
- `service_type` (String) Aiven internal service type code
- `service_uri` (String, Sensitive) URI for connecting to the service. Service specific info is under "kafka", "pg", etc.
- `service_username` (String) Username used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `state` (String) Service state. Possible values are `POWEROFF`, `REBALANCING`, `REBUILDING` or `RUNNING`. Services cannot be powered on or off with Terraform. To power a service on or off, [use the Aiven Console or Aiven CLI](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/service-power-cycle).

<a id="nestedblock--grafana"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana`

Optional:

- `uris` (List of String, Sensitive) Grafana server URIs.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config`

Optional:

- `additional_backup_regions` (List of String) Additional Cloud Regions for Backup Replication.
- `alerting_enabled` (Boolean) Setting has no effect with Grafana 11 and onward. Enable or disable Grafana legacy alerting functionality. This should not be enabled with unified_alerting_enabled.
- `alerting_error_or_timeout` (String) Enum: `alerting`, `keep_state`. Default error or timeout setting for new alerting rules.
- `alerting_max_annotations_to_keep` (Number) Max number of alert annotations that Grafana stores. 0 (default) keeps all alert annotations. Example: `0`.
- `alerting_nodata_or_nullvalues` (String) Enum: `alerting`, `keep_state`, `no_data`, `ok`. Default value for 'no data or null values' for new alerting rules.
- `allow_embedding` (Boolean) Allow embedding Grafana dashboards with iframe/frame/object/embed tags. Disabled by default to limit impact of clickjacking.
- `auth_azuread` (Block List, Max: 1) Azure AD OAuth integration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--auth_azuread))
- `auth_basic_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable basic authentication form, used by Grafana built-in login.
- `auth_generic_oauth` (Block List, Max: 1) Generic OAuth integration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--auth_generic_oauth))
- `auth_github` (Block List, Max: 1) Github Auth integration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--auth_github))
- `auth_gitlab` (Block List, Max: 1) GitLab Auth integration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--auth_gitlab))
- `auth_google` (Block List, Max: 1) Google Auth integration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--auth_google))
- `cookie_samesite` (String) Enum: `lax`, `none`, `strict`. Cookie SameSite attribute: `strict` prevents sending cookie for cross-site requests, effectively disabling direct linking from other sites to Grafana. `lax` is the default value.
- `custom_domain` (String) Serve the web frontend using a custom CNAME pointing to the Aiven DNS name. Example: `grafana.example.org`.
- `dashboard_previews_enabled` (Boolean) Enable browsing of dashboards in grid (pictures) mode. This feature is new in Grafana 9 and is quite resource intensive. It may cause low-end plans to work more slowly while the dashboard previews are rendering.
- `dashboard_scenes_enabled` (Boolean) Enable use of the Grafana Scenes Library as the dashboard engine. i.e. the `dashboardScene` feature flag. Upstream blog post at https://grafana.com/blog/2024/10/31/grafana-dashboards-are-now-powered-by-scenes-big-changes-same-ui/.
- `dashboards_min_refresh_interval` (String) Signed sequence of decimal numbers, followed by a unit suffix (ms, s, m, h, d), e.g. 30s, 1h. Example: `5s`.
- `dashboards_versions_to_keep` (Number) Dashboard versions to keep per dashboard. Example: `20`.
- `dataproxy_send_user_header` (Boolean) Send `X-Grafana-User` header to data source.
- `dataproxy_timeout` (Number) Timeout for data proxy requests in seconds. Example: `30`.
- `date_formats` (Block List, Max: 1) Grafana date format specifications (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--date_formats))
- `disable_gravatar` (Boolean) Set to true to disable gravatar. Defaults to false (gravatar is enabled).
- `editors_can_admin` (Boolean) Editors can manage folders, teams and dashboards created by them.
- `external_image_storage` (Block List, Max: 1) External image store settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--external_image_storage))
- `google_analytics_ua_id` (String) Google Analytics ID. Example: `UA-123456-4`.
- `ip_filter` (Set of String, Deprecated) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `ip_filter_object` (Block Set, Max: 8000) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--ip_filter_object))
- `ip_filter_string` (Set of String) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `metrics_enabled` (Boolean) Enable Grafana's /metrics endpoint.
- `oauth_allow_insecure_email_lookup` (Boolean) Enforce user lookup based on email instead of the unique ID provided by the IdP. This setup introduces significant security risks, such as potential phishing, spoofing, and other data breaches.
- `private_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from private networks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--private_access))
- `privatelink_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service components through Privatelink (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--privatelink_access))
- `project_to_fork_from` (String) Name of another project to fork a service from. This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `anotherprojectname`.
- `public_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from the public Internet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--public_access))
- `recovery_basebackup_name` (String) Name of the basebackup to restore in forked service. Example: `backup-20191112t091354293891z`.
- `service_log` (Boolean) Store logs for the service so that they are available in the HTTP API and console.
- `service_to_fork_from` (String) Name of another service to fork from. This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `anotherservicename`.
- `smtp_server` (Block List, Max: 1) SMTP server settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana_user_config--smtp_server))
- `static_ips` (Boolean) Use static public IP addresses.
- `unified_alerting_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable Grafana unified alerting functionality. By default this is enabled and any legacy alerts will be migrated on upgrade to Grafana 9+. To stay on legacy alerting, set unified_alerting_enabled to false and alerting_enabled to true. See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/ for more details.
- `user_auto_assign_org` (Boolean) Auto-assign new users on signup to main organization. Defaults to false.
- `user_auto_assign_org_role` (String) Enum: `Admin`, `Editor`, `Viewer`. Set role for new signups. Defaults to Viewer.
- `viewers_can_edit` (Boolean) Users with view-only permission can edit but not save dashboards.
- `wal` (Boolean) Setting to enable/disable Write-Ahead Logging. The default value is false (disabled).

<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--auth_azuread"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.auth_azuread`

Required:

- `auth_url` (String) Authorization URL. Example: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/<AZURE_TENANT_ID>/oauth2/v2.0/authorize`.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID from provider. Example: `b1ba0bf54a4c2c0a1c29`.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret from provider. Example: `bfa6gea4f129076761dcba8ce5e1e406bd83af7b`.
- `token_url` (String) Token URL. Example: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/<AZURE_TENANT_ID>/oauth2/v2.0/token`.

Optional:

- `allow_sign_up` (Boolean) Automatically sign-up users on successful sign-in.
- `allowed_domains` (List of String) Allowed domains.
- `allowed_groups` (List of String) Require users to belong to one of given groups.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--auth_generic_oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.auth_generic_oauth`

Required:

- `api_url` (String) API URL. Example: `https://yourprovider.com/api`.
- `auth_url` (String) Authorization URL. Example: `https://yourprovider.com/oauth/authorize`.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID from provider. Example: `b1ba0bf54a4c2c0a1c29`.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret from provider. Example: `bfa6gea4f129076761dcba8ce5e1e406bd83af7b`.
- `token_url` (String) Token URL. Example: `https://yourprovider.com/oauth/token`.

Optional:

- `allow_sign_up` (Boolean) Automatically sign-up users on successful sign-in.
- `allowed_domains` (List of String) Allowed domains.
- `allowed_organizations` (List of String) Require user to be member of one of the listed organizations.
- `auto_login` (Boolean) Allow users to bypass the login screen and automatically log in.
- `name` (String) Name of the OAuth integration. Example: `My authentication`.
- `scopes` (List of String) OAuth scopes.
- `use_refresh_token` (Boolean) Set to true to use refresh token and check access token expiration.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--auth_github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.auth_github`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Client ID from provider. Example: `b1ba0bf54a4c2c0a1c29`.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret from provider. Example: `bfa6gea4f129076761dcba8ce5e1e406bd83af7b`.

Optional:

- `allow_sign_up` (Boolean) Automatically sign-up users on successful sign-in.
- `allowed_organizations` (List of String) Require users to belong to one of given organizations.
- `auto_login` (Boolean) Allow users to bypass the login screen and automatically log in.
- `skip_org_role_sync` (Boolean) Stop automatically syncing user roles.
- `team_ids` (List of Number) Require users to belong to one of given team IDs.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--auth_gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.auth_gitlab`

Required:

- `allowed_groups` (List of String) Require users to belong to one of given groups.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID from provider. Example: `b1ba0bf54a4c2c0a1c29`.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret from provider. Example: `bfa6gea4f129076761dcba8ce5e1e406bd83af7b`.

Optional:

- `allow_sign_up` (Boolean) Automatically sign-up users on successful sign-in.
- `api_url` (String) This only needs to be set when using self hosted GitLab. Example: `https://gitlab.com/api/v4`.
- `auth_url` (String) This only needs to be set when using self hosted GitLab. Example: `https://gitlab.com/oauth/authorize`.
- `token_url` (String) This only needs to be set when using self hosted GitLab. Example: `https://gitlab.com/oauth/token`.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--auth_google"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.auth_google`

Required:

- `allowed_domains` (List of String) Domains allowed to sign-in to this Grafana.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID from provider. Example: `b1ba0bf54a4c2c0a1c29`.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret from provider. Example: `bfa6gea4f129076761dcba8ce5e1e406bd83af7b`.

Optional:

- `allow_sign_up` (Boolean) Automatically sign-up users on successful sign-in.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--date_formats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.date_formats`

Optional:

- `default_timezone` (String) Default time zone for user preferences. Value `browser` uses browser local time zone. Example: `Europe/Helsinki`.
- `full_date` (String) Moment.js style format string for cases where full date is shown. Example: `YYYY MM DD`.
- `interval_day` (String) Moment.js style format string used when a time requiring day accuracy is shown. Example: `MM/DD`.
- `interval_hour` (String) Moment.js style format string used when a time requiring hour accuracy is shown. Example: `MM/DD HH:mm`.
- `interval_minute` (String) Moment.js style format string used when a time requiring minute accuracy is shown. Example: `HH:mm`.
- `interval_month` (String) Moment.js style format string used when a time requiring month accuracy is shown. Example: `YYYY-MM`.
- `interval_second` (String) Moment.js style format string used when a time requiring second accuracy is shown. Example: `HH:mm:ss`.
- `interval_year` (String) Moment.js style format string used when a time requiring year accuracy is shown. Example: `YYYY`.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--external_image_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.external_image_storage`

Required:

- `access_key` (String) S3 access key. Requires permissions to the S3 bucket for the s3:PutObject and s3:PutObjectAcl actions. Example: `AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA`.
- `bucket_url` (String) Bucket URL for S3. Example: `https://grafana.s3-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/`.
- `provider` (String) Enum: `s3`. External image store provider.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) S3 secret key. Example: `AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA`.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--ip_filter_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.ip_filter_object`

Required:

- `network` (String) CIDR address block. Example: `10.20.0.0/16`.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description for IP filter list entry. Example: `Production service IP range`.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--private_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.private_access`

Optional:

- `grafana` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to grafana with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--privatelink_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.privatelink_access`

Optional:

- `grafana` (Boolean) Enable grafana.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--public_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.public_access`

Optional:

- `grafana` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to grafana from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.


<a id="nestedblock--grafana_user_config--smtp_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_user_config.smtp_server`

Required:

- `from_address` (String) Address used for sending emails. Example: `yourgrafanauser@yourdomain.example.com`.
- `host` (String) Server hostname or IP. Example: `smtp.example.com`.
- `port` (Number) SMTP server port. Example: `25`.

Optional:

- `from_name` (String) Name used in outgoing emails, defaults to Grafana.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for SMTP authentication. Example: `ein0eemeev5eeth3Ahfu`.
- `skip_verify` (Boolean) Skip verifying server certificate. Defaults to false.
- `starttls_policy` (String) Enum: `MandatoryStartTLS`, `NoStartTLS`, `OpportunisticStartTLS`. Either OpportunisticStartTLS, MandatoryStartTLS or NoStartTLS. Default is OpportunisticStartTLS.
- `username` (String) Username for SMTP authentication. Example: `smtpuser`.



<a id="nestedblock--service_integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_integrations`

Required:

- `integration_type` (String) Type of the service integration
- `source_service_name` (String) Name of the source service


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `key` (String) Service tag key
- `value` (String) Service tag value


<a id="nestedblock--tech_emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tech_emails`

Required:

- `email` (String) An email address to contact for technical issues


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String, Deprecated) Use specific CRUD timeouts instead.
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Read-Only:

- `component` (String)
- `connection_uri` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `kafka_authentication_method` (String)
- `kafka_ssl_ca` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `route` (String)
- `ssl` (Boolean)
- `usage` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_grafana.example_grafana PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME
```
