---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_kafka_connector Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Kafka connectors resource allows the creation and management of Aiven Kafka connectors.
---

# aiven_kafka_connector (Resource)

The Kafka connectors resource allows the creation and management of Aiven Kafka connectors.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_kafka_connector" "kafka-es-con1" {
  project        = aiven_project.kafka-con-project1.project
  service_name   = aiven_kafka.kafka-service1.service_name
  connector_name = "kafka-es-con1"

  config = {
    "topics" = aiven_kafka_topic.kafka-topic1.topic_name
    "connector.class" : "io.aiven.connect.elasticsearch.ElasticsearchSinkConnector"
    "type.name"      = "es-connector"
    "name"           = "kafka-es-con1"
    "connection.url" = aiven_elasticsearch.es-service1.service_uri
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **config** (Map of String) The Kafka Connector configuration parameters.
- **connector_name** (String) The kafka connector name. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- **project** (String) Identifies the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- **service_name** (String) Specifies the name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **timeouts** (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- **plugin_author** (String) The Kafka connector author.
- **plugin_class** (String) The Kafka connector Java class.
- **plugin_doc_url** (String) The Kafka connector documentation URL.
- **plugin_title** (String) The Kafka connector title.
- **plugin_type** (String) The Kafka connector type.
- **plugin_version** (String) The version of the kafka connector.
- **task** (Set of Object) List of tasks of a connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- **read** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--task"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task`

Read-Only:

- **connector** (String)
- **task** (Number)


