---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_kafka Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven for Apache Kafka® https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka service.
---

# aiven_kafka (Resource)

Creates and manages an [Aiven for Apache Kafka®](https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka) service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_kafka" "example_kafka" {
  project                 = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  cloud_name              = "google-europe-west1"
  plan                    = "business-4"
  service_name            = "example-kafka"
  maintenance_window_dow  = "monday"
  maintenance_window_time = "10:00:00"

  kafka_user_config {
    kafka_rest      = true
    kafka_connect   = true
    schema_registry = true
    kafka_version   = "3.8"

    kafka {
      group_max_session_timeout_ms = 70000
      log_retention_bytes          = 1000000000
    }

    public_access {
      kafka_rest    = true
      kafka_connect = true
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `plan` (String) Defines what kind of computing resources are allocated for the service. It can be changed after creation, though there are some restrictions when going to a smaller plan such as the new plan must have sufficient amount of disk space to store all current data and switching to a plan with fewer nodes might not be supported. The basic plan names are `hobbyist`, `startup-x`, `business-x` and `premium-x` where `x` is (roughly) the amount of memory on each node (also other attributes like number of CPUs and amount of disk space varies but naming is based on memory). The available options can be seen from the [Aiven pricing page](https://aiven.io/pricing).
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the actual name of the service. The name cannot be changed later without destroying and re-creating the service so name should be picked based on intended service usage rather than current attributes.

### Optional

- `additional_disk_space` (String) Add [disk storage](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/add-storage-space) in increments of 30  GiB to scale your service. The maximum value depends on the service type and cloud provider. Removing additional storage causes the service nodes to go through a rolling restart and there might be a short downtime for services with no HA capabilities.
- `cloud_name` (String) The cloud provider and region the service is hosted in. The format is `provider-region`, for example: `google-europe-west1`. The [available cloud regions](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/reference/list_of_clouds) can differ per project and service. Changing this value [migrates the service to another cloud provider or region](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/migrate-services-cloud-region). The migration runs in the background and includes a DNS update to redirect traffic to the new region. Most services experience no downtime, but some databases may have a brief interruption during DNS propagation.
- `default_acl` (Boolean) Create a default wildcard Kafka ACL.
- `disk_space` (String, Deprecated) Service disk space. Possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Therefore, reducing will result in the service rebalancing.
- `kafka` (Block List, Max: 1) Kafka server connection details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka))
- `kafka_user_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Kafka user configurable settings. **Warning:** There's no way to reset advanced configuration options to default. Options that you add cannot be removed later (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config))
- `karapace` (Boolean, Deprecated) Switch the service to use [Karapace](https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/karapace) for schema registry and REST proxy.
- `maintenance_window_dow` (String) Day of week when maintenance operations should be performed. One monday, tuesday, wednesday, etc.
- `maintenance_window_time` (String) Time of day when maintenance operations should be performed. UTC time in HH:mm:ss format.
- `project_vpc_id` (String) Specifies the VPC the service should run in. If the value is not set the service is not run inside a VPC. When set, the value should be given as a reference to set up dependencies correctly and the VPC must be in the same cloud and region as the service itself. Project can be freely moved to and from VPC after creation but doing so triggers migration to new servers so the operation can take significant amount of time to complete if the service has a lot of data.
- `service_integrations` (Block Set) Service integrations to specify when creating a service. Not applied after initial service creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_integrations))
- `static_ips` (Set of String) Static IPs that are going to be associated with this service. Please assign a value using the 'toset' function. Once a static ip resource is in the 'assigned' state it cannot be unbound from the node again
- `tag` (Block Set) Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to categorize services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `tech_emails` (Block Set) The email addresses for [service contacts](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/technical-emails), who will receive important alerts and updates about this service. You can also set email contacts at the project level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tech_emails))
- `termination_protection` (Boolean) Prevents the service from being deleted. It is recommended to set this to `true` for all production services to prevent unintentional service deletion. This does not shield against deleting databases or topics but for services with backups much of the content can at least be restored from backup in case accidental deletion is done.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `components` (List of Object) Service component information objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `disk_space_cap` (String) The maximum disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project.
- `disk_space_default` (String) The default disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Its also the minimum value for `disk_space`
- `disk_space_step` (String) The default disk space step of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. `disk_space` needs to increment from `disk_space_default` by increments of this size.
- `disk_space_used` (String, Deprecated) Disk space that service is currently using
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `service_host` (String) The hostname of the service.
- `service_password` (String, Sensitive) Password used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `service_port` (Number) The port of the service
- `service_type` (String) Aiven internal service type code
- `service_uri` (String, Sensitive) URI for connecting to the service. Service specific info is under "kafka", "pg", etc.
- `service_username` (String) Username used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `state` (String) Service state. One of `POWEROFF`, `REBALANCING`, `REBUILDING` or `RUNNING`

<a id="nestedblock--kafka"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka`

Optional:

- `uris` (List of String, Sensitive) Kafka server URIs.

Read-Only:

- `access_cert` (String, Sensitive) The Kafka client certificate.
- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) The Kafka client certificate key.
- `connect_uri` (String, Sensitive) The Kafka Connect URI.
- `rest_uri` (String, Sensitive) The Kafka REST URI.
- `schema_registry_uri` (String, Sensitive) The Schema Registry URI.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config`

Optional:

- `additional_backup_regions` (List of String, Deprecated) Additional Cloud Regions for Backup Replication.
- `aiven_kafka_topic_messages` (Boolean) Allow access to read Kafka topic messages in the Aiven Console and REST API.
- `custom_domain` (String) Serve the web frontend using a custom CNAME pointing to the Aiven DNS name. Example: `grafana.example.org`.
- `follower_fetching` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable follower fetching (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--follower_fetching))
- `ip_filter` (Set of String, Deprecated) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `ip_filter_object` (Block Set, Max: 2048) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--ip_filter_object))
- `ip_filter_string` (Set of String) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `kafka` (Block List, Max: 1) Kafka broker configuration values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka))
- `kafka_authentication_methods` (Block List, Max: 1) Kafka authentication methods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_authentication_methods))
- `kafka_connect` (Boolean) Enable Kafka Connect service. Default: `false`.
- `kafka_connect_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Kafka Connect configuration values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_connect_config))
- `kafka_connect_secret_providers` (Block List) Configure external secret providers in order to reference external secrets in connector configuration. Currently Hashicorp Vault (provider: vault, auth_method: token) and AWS Secrets Manager (provider: aws, auth_method: credentials) are supported. Secrets can be referenced in connector config with ${<provider_name>:<secret_path>:<key_name>} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_connect_secret_providers))
- `kafka_rest` (Boolean) Enable Kafka-REST service. Default: `false`.
- `kafka_rest_authorization` (Boolean) Enable authorization in Kafka-REST service.
- `kafka_rest_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Kafka REST configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_rest_config))
- `kafka_sasl_mechanisms` (Block List, Max: 1) Kafka SASL mechanisms (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_sasl_mechanisms))
- `kafka_version` (String) Enum: `3.1`, `3.2`, `3.3`, `3.4`, `3.5`, `3.6`, `3.7`, `3.8`, and newer. Kafka major version.
- `letsencrypt_sasl_privatelink` (Boolean) Use Letsencrypt CA for Kafka SASL via Privatelink.
- `private_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from private networks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--private_access))
- `privatelink_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service components through Privatelink (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--privatelink_access))
- `public_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from the public Internet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--public_access))
- `schema_registry` (Boolean) Enable Schema-Registry service. Default: `false`.
- `schema_registry_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Schema Registry configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--schema_registry_config))
- `service_log` (Boolean) Store logs for the service so that they are available in the HTTP API and console.
- `single_zone` (Block List, Max: 1) Single-zone configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--single_zone))
- `static_ips` (Boolean) Use static public IP addresses.
- `tiered_storage` (Block List, Max: 1) Tiered storage configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--tiered_storage))

<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--follower_fetching"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.follower_fetching`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable the follower fetching functionality.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--ip_filter_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.ip_filter_object`

Required:

- `network` (String) CIDR address block. Example: `10.20.0.0/16`.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description for IP filter list entry. Example: `Production service IP range`.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.kafka`

Optional:

- `auto_create_topics_enable` (Boolean) Enable auto-creation of topics. (Default: true).
- `compression_type` (String) Enum: `gzip`, `lz4`, `producer`, `snappy`, `uncompressed`, `zstd`. Specify the final compression type for a given topic. This configuration accepts the standard compression codecs (`gzip`, `snappy`, `lz4`, `zstd`). It additionally accepts `uncompressed` which is equivalent to no compression; and `producer` which means retain the original compression codec set by the producer.(Default: producer).
- `connections_max_idle_ms` (Number) Idle connections timeout: the server socket processor threads close the connections that idle for longer than this. (Default: 600000 ms (10 minutes)). Example: `540000`.
- `default_replication_factor` (Number) Replication factor for auto-created topics (Default: 3).
- `group_initial_rebalance_delay_ms` (Number) The amount of time, in milliseconds, the group coordinator will wait for more consumers to join a new group before performing the first rebalance. A longer delay means potentially fewer rebalances, but increases the time until processing begins. The default value for this is 3 seconds. During development and testing it might be desirable to set this to 0 in order to not delay test execution time. (Default: 3000 ms (3 seconds)). Example: `3000`.
- `group_max_session_timeout_ms` (Number) The maximum allowed session timeout for registered consumers. Longer timeouts give consumers more time to process messages in between heartbeats at the cost of a longer time to detect failures. Default: 1800000 ms (30 minutes). Example: `1800000`.
- `group_min_session_timeout_ms` (Number) The minimum allowed session timeout for registered consumers. Longer timeouts give consumers more time to process messages in between heartbeats at the cost of a longer time to detect failures. (Default: 6000 ms (6 seconds)). Example: `6000`.
- `log_cleaner_delete_retention_ms` (Number) How long are delete records retained? (Default: 86400000 (1 day)). Example: `86400000`.
- `log_cleaner_max_compaction_lag_ms` (Number) The maximum amount of time message will remain uncompacted. Only applicable for logs that are being compacted. (Default: 9223372036854775807 ms (Long.MAX_VALUE)).
- `log_cleaner_min_cleanable_ratio` (Number) Controls log compactor frequency. Larger value means more frequent compactions but also more space wasted for logs. Consider setting log.cleaner.max.compaction.lag.ms to enforce compactions sooner, instead of setting a very high value for this option. (Default: 0.5). Example: `0.5`.
- `log_cleaner_min_compaction_lag_ms` (Number) The minimum time a message will remain uncompacted in the log. Only applicable for logs that are being compacted. (Default: 0 ms).
- `log_cleanup_policy` (String) Enum: `compact`, `compact,delete`, `delete`. The default cleanup policy for segments beyond the retention window (Default: delete).
- `log_flush_interval_messages` (Number) The number of messages accumulated on a log partition before messages are flushed to disk (Default: 9223372036854775807 (Long.MAX_VALUE)).
- `log_flush_interval_ms` (Number) The maximum time in ms that a message in any topic is kept in memory (page-cache) before flushed to disk. If not set, the value in log.flush.scheduler.interval.ms is used (Default: null).
- `log_index_interval_bytes` (Number) The interval with which Kafka adds an entry to the offset index (Default: 4096 bytes (4 kibibytes)). Example: `4096`.
- `log_index_size_max_bytes` (Number) The maximum size in bytes of the offset index (Default: 10485760 (10 mebibytes)). Example: `10485760`.
- `log_local_retention_bytes` (Number) The maximum size of local log segments that can grow for a partition before it gets eligible for deletion. If set to -2, the value of log.retention.bytes is used. The effective value should always be less than or equal to log.retention.bytes value. (Default: -2).
- `log_local_retention_ms` (Number) The number of milliseconds to keep the local log segments before it gets eligible for deletion. If set to -2, the value of log.retention.ms is used. The effective value should always be less than or equal to log.retention.ms value. (Default: -2).
- `log_message_downconversion_enable` (Boolean) This configuration controls whether down-conversion of message formats is enabled to satisfy consume requests. (Default: true).
- `log_message_timestamp_difference_max_ms` (Number) The maximum difference allowed between the timestamp when a broker receives a message and the timestamp specified in the message (Default: 9223372036854775807 (Long.MAX_VALUE)).
- `log_message_timestamp_type` (String) Enum: `CreateTime`, `LogAppendTime`. Define whether the timestamp in the message is message create time or log append time. (Default: CreateTime).
- `log_preallocate` (Boolean) Should pre allocate file when create new segment? (Default: false).
- `log_retention_bytes` (Number) The maximum size of the log before deleting messages (Default: -1).
- `log_retention_hours` (Number) The number of hours to keep a log file before deleting it (Default: 168 hours (1 week)).
- `log_retention_ms` (Number) The number of milliseconds to keep a log file before deleting it (in milliseconds), If not set, the value in log.retention.minutes is used. If set to -1, no time limit is applied. (Default: null, log.retention.hours applies).
- `log_roll_jitter_ms` (Number) The maximum jitter to subtract from logRollTimeMillis (in milliseconds). If not set, the value in log.roll.jitter.hours is used (Default: null).
- `log_roll_ms` (Number) The maximum time before a new log segment is rolled out (in milliseconds). (Default: null, log.roll.hours applies (Default: 168, 7 days)).
- `log_segment_bytes` (Number) The maximum size of a single log file (Default: 1073741824 bytes (1 gibibyte)).
- `log_segment_delete_delay_ms` (Number) The amount of time to wait before deleting a file from the filesystem (Default: 60000 ms (1 minute)). Example: `60000`.
- `max_connections_per_ip` (Number) The maximum number of connections allowed from each ip address (Default: 2147483647).
- `max_incremental_fetch_session_cache_slots` (Number) The maximum number of incremental fetch sessions that the broker will maintain. (Default: 1000). Example: `1000`.
- `message_max_bytes` (Number) The maximum size of message that the server can receive. (Default: 1048588 bytes (1 mebibyte + 12 bytes)). Example: `1048588`.
- `min_insync_replicas` (Number) When a producer sets acks to `all` (or `-1`), min.insync.replicas specifies the minimum number of replicas that must acknowledge a write for the write to be considered successful. (Default: 1). Example: `1`.
- `num_partitions` (Number) Number of partitions for auto-created topics (Default: 1).
- `offsets_retention_minutes` (Number) Log retention window in minutes for offsets topic (Default: 10080 minutes (7 days)). Example: `10080`.
- `producer_purgatory_purge_interval_requests` (Number) The purge interval (in number of requests) of the producer request purgatory (Default: 1000).
- `replica_fetch_max_bytes` (Number) The number of bytes of messages to attempt to fetch for each partition . This is not an absolute maximum, if the first record batch in the first non-empty partition of the fetch is larger than this value, the record batch will still be returned to ensure that progress can be made. (Default: 1048576 bytes (1 mebibytes)).
- `replica_fetch_response_max_bytes` (Number) Maximum bytes expected for the entire fetch response. Records are fetched in batches, and if the first record batch in the first non-empty partition of the fetch is larger than this value, the record batch will still be returned to ensure that progress can be made. As such, this is not an absolute maximum. (Default: 10485760 bytes (10 mebibytes)).
- `sasl_oauthbearer_expected_audience` (String) The (optional) comma-delimited setting for the broker to use to verify that the JWT was issued for one of the expected audiences. (Default: null).
- `sasl_oauthbearer_expected_issuer` (String) Optional setting for the broker to use to verify that the JWT was created by the expected issuer.(Default: null).
- `sasl_oauthbearer_jwks_endpoint_url` (String) OIDC JWKS endpoint URL. By setting this the SASL SSL OAuth2/OIDC authentication is enabled. See also other options for SASL OAuth2/OIDC. (Default: null).
- `sasl_oauthbearer_sub_claim_name` (String) Name of the scope from which to extract the subject claim from the JWT.(Default: sub).
- `socket_request_max_bytes` (Number) The maximum number of bytes in a socket request (Default: 104857600 bytes).
- `transaction_partition_verification_enable` (Boolean) Enable verification that checks that the partition has been added to the transaction before writing transactional records to the partition. (Default: true).
- `transaction_remove_expired_transaction_cleanup_interval_ms` (Number) The interval at which to remove transactions that have expired due to transactional.id.expiration.ms passing (Default: 3600000 ms (1 hour)). Example: `3600000`.
- `transaction_state_log_segment_bytes` (Number) The transaction topic segment bytes should be kept relatively small in order to facilitate faster log compaction and cache loads (Default: 104857600 bytes (100 mebibytes)). Example: `104857600`.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_authentication_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.kafka_authentication_methods`

Optional:

- `certificate` (Boolean) Enable certificate/SSL authentication. Default: `true`.
- `sasl` (Boolean) Enable SASL authentication. Default: `false`.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_connect_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.kafka_connect_config`

Optional:

- `connector_client_config_override_policy` (String) Enum: `All`, `None`. Defines what client configurations can be overridden by the connector. Default is None.
- `consumer_auto_offset_reset` (String) Enum: `earliest`, `latest`. What to do when there is no initial offset in Kafka or if the current offset does not exist any more on the server. Default is earliest.
- `consumer_fetch_max_bytes` (Number) Records are fetched in batches by the consumer, and if the first record batch in the first non-empty partition of the fetch is larger than this value, the record batch will still be returned to ensure that the consumer can make progress. As such, this is not a absolute maximum. Example: `52428800`.
- `consumer_isolation_level` (String) Enum: `read_committed`, `read_uncommitted`. Transaction read isolation level. read_uncommitted is the default, but read_committed can be used if consume-exactly-once behavior is desired.
- `consumer_max_partition_fetch_bytes` (Number) Records are fetched in batches by the consumer.If the first record batch in the first non-empty partition of the fetch is larger than this limit, the batch will still be returned to ensure that the consumer can make progress. Example: `1048576`.
- `consumer_max_poll_interval_ms` (Number) The maximum delay in milliseconds between invocations of poll() when using consumer group management (defaults to 300000).
- `consumer_max_poll_records` (Number) The maximum number of records returned in a single call to poll() (defaults to 500).
- `offset_flush_interval_ms` (Number) The interval at which to try committing offsets for tasks (defaults to 60000).
- `offset_flush_timeout_ms` (Number) Maximum number of milliseconds to wait for records to flush and partition offset data to be committed to offset storage before cancelling the process and restoring the offset data to be committed in a future attempt (defaults to 5000).
- `producer_batch_size` (Number) This setting gives the upper bound of the batch size to be sent. If there are fewer than this many bytes accumulated for this partition, the producer will `linger` for the linger.ms time waiting for more records to show up. A batch size of zero will disable batching entirely (defaults to 16384).
- `producer_buffer_memory` (Number) The total bytes of memory the producer can use to buffer records waiting to be sent to the broker (defaults to 33554432).
- `producer_compression_type` (String) Enum: `gzip`, `lz4`, `none`, `snappy`, `zstd`. Specify the default compression type for producers. This configuration accepts the standard compression codecs (`gzip`, `snappy`, `lz4`, `zstd`). It additionally accepts `none` which is the default and equivalent to no compression.
- `producer_linger_ms` (Number) This setting gives the upper bound on the delay for batching: once there is batch.size worth of records for a partition it will be sent immediately regardless of this setting, however if there are fewer than this many bytes accumulated for this partition the producer will `linger` for the specified time waiting for more records to show up. Defaults to 0.
- `producer_max_request_size` (Number) This setting will limit the number of record batches the producer will send in a single request to avoid sending huge requests. Example: `1048576`.
- `scheduled_rebalance_max_delay_ms` (Number) The maximum delay that is scheduled in order to wait for the return of one or more departed workers before rebalancing and reassigning their connectors and tasks to the group. During this period the connectors and tasks of the departed workers remain unassigned. Defaults to 5 minutes.
- `session_timeout_ms` (Number) The timeout in milliseconds used to detect failures when using Kafka’s group management facilities (defaults to 10000).


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_connect_secret_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.kafka_connect_secret_providers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the secret provider. Used to reference secrets in connector config.

Optional:

- `aws` (Block List, Max: 1) AWS secret provider configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_connect_secret_providers--aws))
- `vault` (Block List, Max: 1) Vault secret provider configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_connect_secret_providers--vault))

<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_connect_secret_providers--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.kafka_connect_secret_providers.aws`

Required:

- `auth_method` (String) Enum: `credentials`. Auth method of the vault secret provider.
- `region` (String) Region used to lookup secrets with AWS SecretManager.

Optional:

- `access_key` (String) Access key used to authenticate with aws.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) Secret key used to authenticate with aws.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_connect_secret_providers--vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.kafka_connect_secret_providers.vault`

Required:

- `address` (String) Address of the Vault server.
- `auth_method` (String) Enum: `token`. Auth method of the vault secret provider.

Optional:

- `engine_version` (Number) Enum: `1`, `2`, and newer. KV Secrets Engine version of the Vault server instance.
- `prefix_path_depth` (Number) Prefix path depth of the secrets Engine. Default is 1. If the secrets engine path has more than one segment it has to be increased to the number of segments.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token used to authenticate with vault and auth method `token`.



<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_rest_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.kafka_rest_config`

Optional:

- `consumer_enable_auto_commit` (Boolean) If true the consumer's offset will be periodically committed to Kafka in the background. Default: `true`.
- `consumer_idle_disconnect_timeout` (Number) Specifies the maximum duration (in seconds) a client can remain idle before it is deleted. If a consumer is inactive, it will exit the consumer group, and its state will be discarded. A value of 0 (default) indicates that the consumer will not be disconnected automatically due to inactivity. Default: `0`.
- `consumer_request_max_bytes` (Number) Maximum number of bytes in unencoded message keys and values by a single request. Default: `67108864`.
- `consumer_request_timeout_ms` (Number) Enum: `1000`, `15000`, `30000`. The maximum total time to wait for messages for a request if the maximum number of messages has not yet been reached. Default: `1000`.
- `name_strategy` (String) Enum: `record_name`, `topic_name`, `topic_record_name`. Name strategy to use when selecting subject for storing schemas. Default: `topic_name`.
- `name_strategy_validation` (Boolean) If true, validate that given schema is registered under expected subject name by the used name strategy when producing messages. Default: `true`.
- `producer_acks` (String) Enum: `-1`, `0`, `1`, `all`. The number of acknowledgments the producer requires the leader to have received before considering a request complete. If set to `all` or `-1`, the leader will wait for the full set of in-sync replicas to acknowledge the record. Default: `1`.
- `producer_compression_type` (String) Enum: `gzip`, `lz4`, `none`, `snappy`, `zstd`. Specify the default compression type for producers. This configuration accepts the standard compression codecs (`gzip`, `snappy`, `lz4`, `zstd`). It additionally accepts `none` which is the default and equivalent to no compression.
- `producer_linger_ms` (Number) Wait for up to the given delay to allow batching records together. Default: `0`.
- `producer_max_request_size` (Number) The maximum size of a request in bytes. Note that Kafka broker can also cap the record batch size. Default: `1048576`.
- `simpleconsumer_pool_size_max` (Number) Maximum number of SimpleConsumers that can be instantiated per broker. Default: `25`.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--kafka_sasl_mechanisms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.kafka_sasl_mechanisms`

Optional:

- `plain` (Boolean) Enable PLAIN mechanism. Default: `true`.
- `scram_sha_256` (Boolean) Enable SCRAM-SHA-256 mechanism. Default: `true`.
- `scram_sha_512` (Boolean) Enable SCRAM-SHA-512 mechanism. Default: `true`.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--private_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.private_access`

Optional:

- `kafka` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to kafka with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.
- `kafka_connect` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to kafka_connect with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.
- `kafka_rest` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to kafka_rest with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to prometheus with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.
- `schema_registry` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to schema_registry with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--privatelink_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.privatelink_access`

Optional:

- `jolokia` (Boolean) Enable jolokia.
- `kafka` (Boolean) Enable kafka.
- `kafka_connect` (Boolean) Enable kafka_connect.
- `kafka_rest` (Boolean) Enable kafka_rest.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Enable prometheus.
- `schema_registry` (Boolean) Enable schema_registry.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--public_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.public_access`

Optional:

- `kafka` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to kafka from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `kafka_connect` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to kafka_connect from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `kafka_rest` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to kafka_rest from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to prometheus from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `schema_registry` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to schema_registry from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--schema_registry_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.schema_registry_config`

Optional:

- `leader_eligibility` (Boolean) If true, Karapace / Schema Registry on the service nodes can participate in leader election. It might be needed to disable this when the schemas topic is replicated to a secondary cluster and Karapace / Schema Registry there must not participate in leader election. Defaults to `true`.
- `retriable_errors_silenced` (Boolean) If enabled, kafka errors which can be retried or custom errors specified for the service will not be raised, instead, a warning log is emitted. This will denoise issue tracking systems, i.e. sentry. Defaults to `true`.
- `schema_reader_strict_mode` (Boolean) If enabled, causes the Karapace schema-registry service to shutdown when there are invalid schema records in the `_schemas` topic. Defaults to `false`.
- `topic_name` (String) The durable single partition topic that acts as the durable log for the data. This topic must be compacted to avoid losing data due to retention policy. Please note that changing this configuration in an existing Schema Registry / Karapace setup leads to previous schemas being inaccessible, data encoded with them potentially unreadable and schema ID sequence put out of order. It's only possible to do the switch while Schema Registry / Karapace is disabled. Defaults to `_schemas`.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--single_zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.single_zone`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to allocate nodes on the same Availability Zone or spread across zones available. By default service nodes are spread across different AZs. The single AZ support is best-effort and may temporarily allocate nodes in different AZs e.g. in case of capacity limitations in one AZ.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--tiered_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.tiered_storage`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable the tiered storage functionality.
- `local_cache` (Block List, Max: 1, Deprecated) Local cache configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_user_config--tiered_storage--local_cache))

<a id="nestedblock--kafka_user_config--tiered_storage--local_cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_user_config.tiered_storage.local_cache`

Optional:

- `size` (Number, Deprecated) Local cache size in bytes. Example: `1073741824`.




<a id="nestedblock--service_integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_integrations`

Required:

- `integration_type` (String) Type of the service integration
- `source_service_name` (String) Name of the source service


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `key` (String) Service tag key
- `value` (String) Service tag value


<a id="nestedblock--tech_emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tech_emails`

Required:

- `email` (String) An email address to contact for technical issues


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Read-Only:

- `component` (String)
- `connection_uri` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `kafka_authentication_method` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `route` (String)
- `ssl` (Boolean)
- `usage` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_kafka.example_kafka PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME
```
