---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_kafka_connect Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven for Apache Kafka® Connect https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/kafka-connect service.
  Kafka Connect lets you integrate an Aiven for Apache Kafka® service with external data sources using connectors.
  To set up and integrate Kafka Connect:
  Create a Kafka service in the same Aiven project using the aiven_kafka resource.Create topics for importing and exporting data using aiven_kafka_topic.Create the Kafka Connect service.Use the aiven_service_integration resource to integrate the Kafka and Kafka Connect services.Add source and sink connectors using aiven_kafka_connector resource.
---

# aiven_kafka_connect (Resource)

Creates and manages an [Aiven for Apache Kafka® Connect](https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/kafka-connect) service.
Kafka Connect lets you integrate an Aiven for Apache Kafka® service with external data sources using connectors.

To set up and integrate Kafka Connect:
1. Create a Kafka service in the same Aiven project using the `aiven_kafka` resource.
2. Create topics for importing and exporting data using `aiven_kafka_topic`.
3. Create the Kafka Connect service.
4. Use the `aiven_service_integration` resource to integrate the Kafka and Kafka Connect services.
5. Add source and sink connectors using `aiven_kafka_connector` resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a Kafka service.
resource "aiven_kafka" "example_kafka" {
  project      = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  service_name = "example-kafka-service"
  cloud_name   = "google-europe-west1"
  plan         = "startup-2"
}

# Create a Kafka Connect service.
resource "aiven_kafka_connect" "example_kafka_connect" {
  project      = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  cloud_name   = "google-europe-west1"
  plan         = "startup-4"
  service_name = "example-connect-service"

  kafka_connect_user_config {
    kafka_connect {
      consumer_isolation_level = "read_committed"
    }

    public_access {
      kafka_connect = true
    }
  }
}

# Integrate the Kafka and Kafka Connect services.
resource "aiven_service_integration" "kafka_connect_integration" {
  project                  = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  integration_type         = "kafka_connect"
  source_service_name      = aiven_kafka.example_kafka.service_name
  destination_service_name = aiven_kafka_connect.example_kafka_connect.service_name

  kafka_connect_user_config {
    kafka_connect {
      group_id             = "connect"
      status_storage_topic = "__connect_status"
      offset_storage_topic = "__connect_offsets"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `plan` (String) Defines what kind of computing resources are allocated for the service. It can be changed after creation, though there are some restrictions when going to a smaller plan such as the new plan must have sufficient amount of disk space to store all current data and switching to a plan with fewer nodes might not be supported. The basic plan names are `hobbyist`, `startup-x`, `business-x` and `premium-x` where `x` is (roughly) the amount of memory on each node (also other attributes like number of CPUs and amount of disk space varies but naming is based on memory). The available options can be seen from the [Aiven pricing page](https://aiven.io/pricing).
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the actual name of the service. The name cannot be changed later without destroying and re-creating the service so name should be picked based on intended service usage rather than current attributes.

### Optional

- `additional_disk_space` (String) Add [disk storage](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/add-storage-space) in increments of 30  GiB to scale your service. The maximum value depends on the service type and cloud provider. Removing additional storage causes the service nodes to go through a rolling restart, and there might be a short downtime for services without an autoscaler integration or high availability capabilities. The field can be safely removed when autoscaler is enabled without causing any changes.
- `cloud_name` (String) The cloud provider and region the service is hosted in. The format is `provider-region`, for example: `google-europe-west1`. The [available cloud regions](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/reference/list_of_clouds) can differ per project and service. Changing this value [migrates the service to another cloud provider or region](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/migrate-services-cloud-region). The migration runs in the background and includes a DNS update to redirect traffic to the new region. Most services experience no downtime, but some databases may have a brief interruption during DNS propagation.
- `disk_space` (String, Deprecated) Service disk space. Possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Therefore, reducing will result in the service rebalancing. Please use `additional_disk_space` to specify the space to be added to the default disk space defined by the plan.
- `kafka_connect_user_config` (Block List, Max: 1) KafkaConnect user configurable settings. **Warning:** There's no way to reset advanced configuration options to default. Options that you add cannot be removed later (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config))
- `maintenance_window_dow` (String) Day of week when maintenance operations should be performed. One monday, tuesday, wednesday, etc.
- `maintenance_window_time` (String) Time of day when maintenance operations should be performed. UTC time in HH:mm:ss format.
- `project_vpc_id` (String) Specifies the VPC the service should run in. If the value is not set, the service runs on the Public Internet. When set, the value should be given as a reference to set up dependencies correctly, and the VPC must be in the same cloud and region as the service itself. The service can be freely moved to and from VPC after creation, but doing so triggers migration to new servers, so the operation can take a significant amount of time to complete if the service has a lot of data.
- `service_integrations` (Block Set) Service integrations to specify when creating a service. Not applied after initial service creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_integrations))
- `static_ips` (Set of String) Static IPs that are going to be associated with this service. Please assign a value using the 'toset' function. Once a static ip resource is in the 'assigned' state it cannot be unbound from the node again
- `tag` (Block Set) Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to categorize services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `tech_emails` (Block Set) The email addresses for [service contacts](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/technical-emails), who will receive important alerts and updates about this service. You can also set email contacts at the project level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tech_emails))
- `termination_protection` (Boolean) Prevents the service from being deleted. It is recommended to set this to `true` for all production services to prevent unintentional service deletion. This does not shield against deleting databases or topics but for services with backups much of the content can at least be restored from backup in case accidental deletion is done.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `components` (List of Object) Service component information objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `disk_space_cap` (String) The maximum disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project.
- `disk_space_default` (String) The default disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Its also the minimum value for `disk_space`
- `disk_space_step` (String) The default disk space step of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. `disk_space` needs to increment from `disk_space_default` by increments of this size.
- `disk_space_used` (String) The disk space that the service is currently using. This is the sum of `disk_space` and `additional_disk_space` in human-readable format (for example: `90GiB`).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `service_host` (String) The hostname of the service.
- `service_password` (String, Sensitive) Password used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `service_port` (Number) The port of the service
- `service_type` (String) Aiven internal service type code
- `service_uri` (String, Sensitive) URI for connecting to the service. Service specific info is under "kafka", "pg", etc.
- `service_username` (String) Username used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `state` (String) Service state. Possible values are `POWEROFF`, `REBALANCING`, `REBUILDING` or `RUNNING`. Services cannot be powered on or off with Terraform. To power a service on or off, [use the Aiven Console or Aiven CLI](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/service-power-cycle).

<a id="nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_connect_user_config`

Optional:

- `additional_backup_regions` (List of String, Deprecated) Additional Cloud Regions for Backup Replication.
- `ip_filter` (Set of String, Deprecated) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `ip_filter_object` (Block Set, Max: 8000) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--ip_filter_object))
- `ip_filter_string` (Set of String) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `kafka_connect` (Block List, Max: 1) Kafka Connect configuration values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--kafka_connect))
- `plugin_versions` (Block List) The plugin selected by the user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--plugin_versions))
- `private_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from private networks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--private_access))
- `privatelink_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service components through Privatelink (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--privatelink_access))
- `public_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from the public Internet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--public_access))
- `secret_providers` (Block List) Configure external secret providers in order to reference external secrets in connector configuration. Currently Hashicorp Vault (provider: vault, auth_method: token) and AWS Secrets Manager (provider: aws, auth_method: credentials) are supported. Secrets can be referenced in connector config with ${<provider_name>:<secret_path>:<key_name>} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--secret_providers))
- `service_log` (Boolean) Store logs for the service so that they are available in the HTTP API and console.
- `static_ips` (Boolean) Use static public IP addresses.

<a id="nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--ip_filter_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_connect_user_config.ip_filter_object`

Required:

- `network` (String) CIDR address block. Example: `10.20.0.0/16`.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description for IP filter list entry. Example: `Production service IP range`.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--kafka_connect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_connect_user_config.kafka_connect`

Optional:

- `connector_client_config_override_policy` (String) Enum: `All`, `None`. Defines what client configurations can be overridden by the connector. Default is None.
- `consumer_auto_offset_reset` (String) Enum: `earliest`, `latest`. What to do when there is no initial offset in Kafka or if the current offset does not exist any more on the server. Default is earliest.
- `consumer_fetch_max_bytes` (Number) Records are fetched in batches by the consumer, and if the first record batch in the first non-empty partition of the fetch is larger than this value, the record batch will still be returned to ensure that the consumer can make progress. As such, this is not a absolute maximum. Example: `52428800`.
- `consumer_isolation_level` (String) Enum: `read_committed`, `read_uncommitted`. Transaction read isolation level. read_uncommitted is the default, but read_committed can be used if consume-exactly-once behavior is desired.
- `consumer_max_partition_fetch_bytes` (Number) Records are fetched in batches by the consumer.If the first record batch in the first non-empty partition of the fetch is larger than this limit, the batch will still be returned to ensure that the consumer can make progress. Example: `1048576`.
- `consumer_max_poll_interval_ms` (Number) The maximum delay in milliseconds between invocations of poll() when using consumer group management (defaults to 300000).
- `consumer_max_poll_records` (Number) The maximum number of records returned in a single call to poll() (defaults to 500).
- `offset_flush_interval_ms` (Number) The interval at which to try committing offsets for tasks (defaults to 60000).
- `offset_flush_timeout_ms` (Number) Maximum number of milliseconds to wait for records to flush and partition offset data to be committed to offset storage before cancelling the process and restoring the offset data to be committed in a future attempt (defaults to 5000).
- `producer_batch_size` (Number) This setting gives the upper bound of the batch size to be sent. If there are fewer than this many bytes accumulated for this partition, the producer will `linger` for the linger.ms time waiting for more records to show up. A batch size of zero will disable batching entirely (defaults to 16384).
- `producer_buffer_memory` (Number) The total bytes of memory the producer can use to buffer records waiting to be sent to the broker (defaults to 33554432).
- `producer_compression_type` (String) Enum: `gzip`, `lz4`, `none`, `snappy`, `zstd`. Specify the default compression type for producers. This configuration accepts the standard compression codecs (`gzip`, `snappy`, `lz4`, `zstd`). It additionally accepts `none` which is the default and equivalent to no compression.
- `producer_linger_ms` (Number) This setting gives the upper bound on the delay for batching: once there is batch.size worth of records for a partition it will be sent immediately regardless of this setting, however if there are fewer than this many bytes accumulated for this partition the producer will `linger` for the specified time waiting for more records to show up. Defaults to 0.
- `producer_max_request_size` (Number) This setting will limit the number of record batches the producer will send in a single request to avoid sending huge requests. Example: `1048576`.
- `scheduled_rebalance_max_delay_ms` (Number) The maximum delay that is scheduled in order to wait for the return of one or more departed workers before rebalancing and reassigning their connectors and tasks to the group. During this period the connectors and tasks of the departed workers remain unassigned. Defaults to 5 minutes.
- `session_timeout_ms` (Number) The timeout in milliseconds used to detect failures when using Kafka’s group management facilities (defaults to 10000).


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--plugin_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_connect_user_config.plugin_versions`

Required:

- `plugin_name` (String) The name of the plugin. Example: `debezium-connector`.
- `version` (String) The version of the plugin. Example: `2.5.0`.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--private_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_connect_user_config.private_access`

Optional:

- `kafka_connect` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to kafka_connect with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to prometheus with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--privatelink_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_connect_user_config.privatelink_access`

Optional:

- `jolokia` (Boolean) Enable jolokia.
- `kafka_connect` (Boolean) Enable kafka_connect.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Enable prometheus.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--public_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_connect_user_config.public_access`

Optional:

- `kafka_connect` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to kafka_connect from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to prometheus from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--secret_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_connect_user_config.secret_providers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the secret provider. Used to reference secrets in connector config.

Optional:

- `aws` (Block List, Max: 1) AWS secret provider configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--secret_providers--aws))
- `vault` (Block List, Max: 1) Vault secret provider configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--secret_providers--vault))

<a id="nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--secret_providers--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_connect_user_config.secret_providers.aws`

Required:

- `auth_method` (String) Enum: `credentials`. Auth method of the vault secret provider.
- `region` (String) Region used to lookup secrets with AWS SecretManager.

Optional:

- `access_key` (String) Access key used to authenticate with aws.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) Secret key used to authenticate with aws.


<a id="nestedblock--kafka_connect_user_config--secret_providers--vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_connect_user_config.secret_providers.vault`

Required:

- `address` (String) Address of the Vault server.
- `auth_method` (String) Enum: `token`. Auth method of the vault secret provider.

Optional:

- `engine_version` (Number) Enum: `1`, `2`, and newer. KV Secrets Engine version of the Vault server instance.
- `prefix_path_depth` (Number) Prefix path depth of the secrets Engine. Default is 1. If the secrets engine path has more than one segment it has to be increased to the number of segments.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token used to authenticate with vault and auth method `token`.




<a id="nestedblock--service_integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_integrations`

Required:

- `integration_type` (String) Type of the service integration
- `source_service_name` (String) Name of the source service


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `key` (String) Service tag key
- `value` (String) Service tag value


<a id="nestedblock--tech_emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tech_emails`

Required:

- `email` (String) An email address to contact for technical issues


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String, Deprecated) Use specific CRUD timeouts instead.
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Read-Only:

- `component` (String)
- `connection_uri` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `kafka_authentication_method` (String)
- `kafka_ssl_ca` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `route` (String)
- `ssl` (Boolean)
- `usage` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_kafka_connect.example_kafka_connect PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME
```
