---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_kafka_quota Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages quotas for an Aiven for Apache Kafka® service user.
---

# aiven_kafka_quota (Resource)

Creates and manages quotas for an Aiven for Apache Kafka® service user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_kafka_quota" "example_quota" {
  project            = data.aiven_project.foo.project
  service_name       = aiven_kafka.example_kafka.service_name
  user               = "example-kafka-user"
  client_id          = "example_client"
  consumer_byte_rate = 1000
  producer_byte_rate = 1000
  request_percentage = 50
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `client_id` (String) Represents a logical group of clients, assigned a unique name by the client application.
Quotas can be applied based on user, client-id, or both.
The most relevant quota is chosen for each connection.
All connections within a quota group share the same quota.
It is possible to set default quotas for each (user, client-id), user or client-id group by specifying 'default'
- `consumer_byte_rate` (Number) Defines the bandwidth limit in bytes/sec for each group of clients sharing a quota.
Every distinct client group is allocated a specific quota, as defined by the cluster, on a per-broker basis.
Exceeding this limit results in client throttling.
- `producer_byte_rate` (Number) Defines the bandwidth limit in bytes/sec for each group of clients sharing a quota.
Every distinct client group is allocated a specific quota, as defined by the cluster, on a per-broker basis.
Exceeding this limit results in client throttling.
- `request_percentage` (Number) Sets the maximum percentage of CPU time that a client group can use on request handler I/O and network threads per broker within a quota window.
Exceeding this limit triggers throttling.
The quota, expressed as a percentage, also indicates the total allowable CPU usage for the client groups sharing the quota.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `user` (String) Represents a logical group of clients, assigned a unique name by the client application.
Quotas can be applied based on user, client-id, or both.
The most relevant quota is chosen for each connection.
All connections within a quota group share the same quota.
It is possible to set default quotas for each (user, client-id), user or client-id group by specifying 'default'

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String, Deprecated) Use specific CRUD timeouts instead.
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# When both USER and CLIENT_ID are specified
terraform import aiven_kafka_quota.example_quota PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME/CLIENT_ID/USER
# When only USER is specified
terraform import aiven_kafka_quota.example_quota PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME//USER
# When only CLIENT_ID is specified
terraform import aiven_kafka_quota.example_quota PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME/CLIENT_ID/
```
