---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_kafka_schema_registry_acl Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Resource Kafka Schema Registry ACL resource allows the creation and management of Schema Registry ACLs for an Aiven Kafka service.
---

# aiven_kafka_schema_registry_acl (Resource)

The Resource Kafka Schema Registry ACL resource allows the creation and management of Schema Registry ACLs for an Aiven Kafka service.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `permission` (String) Kafka Schema Registry permission to grant. The possible values are `schema_registry_read` and `schema_registry_write`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) Identifies the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `resource` (String) Resource name pattern for the Schema Registry ACL entry. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `username` (String) Username pattern for the ACL entry. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `acl_id` (String) Kafka Schema Registry ACL ID
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
