---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_kafka_native_acl Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages Kafka-native access control lists https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/concepts/acl (ACLs) for an Aiven for Apache Kafka® service. ACLs control access to Kafka topics, consumer groups,
  clusters, and Schema Registry.
  Kafka-native ACLs provide advanced resource-level access control with fine-grained permissions, including ALLOW and DENY rules. For simplified topic-level control you can use Aiven ACLs https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/resources/kafka_acl.
---

# aiven_kafka_native_acl (Resource)

Creates and manages Kafka-native [access control lists](https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/concepts/acl) (ACLs) for an Aiven for Apache Kafka® service. ACLs control access to Kafka topics, consumer groups,
clusters, and Schema Registry.

Kafka-native ACLs provide advanced resource-level access control with fine-grained permissions, including `ALLOW` and `DENY` rules. For simplified topic-level control you can use [Aiven ACLs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/resources/kafka_acl).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_kafka_native_acl" "example_acl" {
  project         = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  service_name    = aiven_kafka.example_kafka.service_name
  resource_type   = "Topic"
  resource_name   = "example-topic"
  principal       = "User:example-user"
  operation      = "Read"
  pattern_type    = "LITERAL"
  permission_type = "ALLOW"
  host            = "198.51.100.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `operation` (String) The action that a principal is allowed or denied on the Kafka resource. The possible values are `All`, `Alter`, `AlterConfigs`, `ClusterAction`, `Create`, `CreateTokens`, `Delete`, `Describe`, `DescribeConfigs`, `DescribeTokens`, `IdempotentWrite`, `Read` and `Write`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `pattern_type` (String) Resource pattern used to match specified resources. The possible values are `LITERAL` and `PREFIXED`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `permission_type` (String) Specifies whether the action is explicitly allowed or denied for the principal on the specified resource. The possible values are `ALLOW` and `DENY`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `principal` (String) Identities in `user:name` format that the permissions apply to. The `name` supports wildcards. Maximum length: `256`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `resource_name` (String) The name of the Kafka resource the permission applies to, such as the topic name or group ID. Maximum length: `256`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `resource_type` (String) The type of Kafka resource. The possible values are `Cluster`, `DelegationToken`, `Group`, `Topic`, `TransactionalId` and `User`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `host` (String) The IP address from which a principal is allowed or denied access to the resource. Use `*` for all hosts. Maximum length: `256`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_kafka_native_acl.example_acl PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME/ID
```
