---
page_title: "aiven_m3db_user Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven for M3 service user.
---
# aiven_m3db_user (Resource)

Creates and manages an Aiven for M3 service user.

~> **End of life notice**
**After 30 April 2025** all running Aiven for M3 services will be powered off and deleted, making data from these services inaccessible.
You cannot create M3DB services in Aiven projects that didn't have M3DB services before.
To avoid interruptions to your service, [migrate to Aiven for Thanos Metrics](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources#migrate-from-m3db-to-thanos-metrics)
before the end of life date.


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "aiven_m3db_user" "example_service_user" {
  service_name = aiven_m3db.example_m3db.service_name
  project      = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  username     = "example-m3db-user"
  password     = var.service_user_pw
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `username` (String) Name of the M3DB service user. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The M3DB service user's password.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) User account type, such as primary or regular account.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import aiven_m3db_user.example_service_user PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME/USERNAME
```
