---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_mysql Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven for MySQL® https://aiven.io/docs/products/mysql service.
---

# aiven_mysql (Resource)

Creates and manages an [Aiven for MySQL®](https://aiven.io/docs/products/mysql) service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_mysql" "example_mysql" {
  project                 = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  cloud_name              = "google-europe-west1"
  plan                    = "business-4"
  service_name            = "example-mysql"
  maintenance_window_dow  = "monday"
  maintenance_window_time = "10:00:00"

  mysql_user_config {
    mysql_version = 8

    mysql {
      sql_mode                = "ANSI,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION,NO_ZERO_DATE,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE"
      sql_require_primary_key = true
    }

    public_access {
      mysql = true
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `plan` (String) Defines what kind of computing resources are allocated for the service. It can be changed after creation, though there are some restrictions when going to a smaller plan such as the new plan must have sufficient amount of disk space to store all current data and switching to a plan with fewer nodes might not be supported. The basic plan names are `hobbyist`, `startup-x`, `business-x` and `premium-x` where `x` is (roughly) the amount of memory on each node (also other attributes like number of CPUs and amount of disk space varies but naming is based on memory). The available options can be seen from the [Aiven pricing page](https://aiven.io/pricing).
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the actual name of the service. The name cannot be changed later without destroying and re-creating the service so name should be picked based on intended service usage rather than current attributes.

### Optional

- `additional_disk_space` (String) Add [disk storage](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/add-storage-space) in increments of 30  GiB to scale your service. The maximum value depends on the service type and cloud provider. Removing additional storage causes the service nodes to go through a rolling restart, and there might be a short downtime for services without an autoscaler integration or high availability capabilities. The field can be safely removed when autoscaler is enabled without causing any changes.
- `cloud_name` (String) The cloud provider and region the service is hosted in. The format is `provider-region`, for example: `google-europe-west1`. The [available cloud regions](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/reference/list_of_clouds) can differ per project and service. Changing this value [migrates the service to another cloud provider or region](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/migrate-services-cloud-region). The migration runs in the background and includes a DNS update to redirect traffic to the new region. Most services experience no downtime, but some databases may have a brief interruption during DNS propagation.
- `disk_space` (String, Deprecated) Service disk space. Possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Therefore, reducing will result in the service rebalancing.
- `maintenance_window_dow` (String) Day of week when maintenance operations should be performed. One monday, tuesday, wednesday, etc.
- `maintenance_window_time` (String) Time of day when maintenance operations should be performed. UTC time in HH:mm:ss format.
- `mysql` (Block List, Max: 1) MySQL server-provided values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mysql))
- `mysql_user_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Mysql user configurable settings. **Warning:** There's no way to reset advanced configuration options to default. Options that you add cannot be removed later (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mysql_user_config))
- `project_vpc_id` (String) Specifies the VPC the service should run in. If the value is not set, the service runs on the Public Internet. When set, the value should be given as a reference to set up dependencies correctly, and the VPC must be in the same cloud and region as the service itself. The service can be freely moved to and from VPC after creation, but doing so triggers migration to new servers, so the operation can take a significant amount of time to complete if the service has a lot of data.
- `service_integrations` (Block Set) Service integrations to specify when creating a service. Not applied after initial service creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_integrations))
- `static_ips` (Set of String) Static IPs that are going to be associated with this service. Please assign a value using the 'toset' function. Once a static ip resource is in the 'assigned' state it cannot be unbound from the node again
- `tag` (Block Set) Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to categorize services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `tech_emails` (Block Set) The email addresses for [service contacts](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/technical-emails), who will receive important alerts and updates about this service. You can also set email contacts at the project level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tech_emails))
- `termination_protection` (Boolean) Prevents the service from being deleted. It is recommended to set this to `true` for all production services to prevent unintentional service deletion. This does not shield against deleting databases or topics but for services with backups much of the content can at least be restored from backup in case accidental deletion is done.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `components` (List of Object) Service component information objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `disk_space_cap` (String) The maximum disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project.
- `disk_space_default` (String) The default disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Its also the minimum value for `disk_space`
- `disk_space_step` (String) The default disk space step of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. `disk_space` needs to increment from `disk_space_default` by increments of this size.
- `disk_space_used` (String, Deprecated) Disk space that service is currently using
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `service_host` (String) The hostname of the service.
- `service_password` (String, Sensitive) Password used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `service_port` (Number) The port of the service
- `service_type` (String) Aiven internal service type code
- `service_uri` (String, Sensitive) URI for connecting to the service. Service specific info is under "kafka", "pg", etc.
- `service_username` (String) Username used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `state` (String) Service state. Possible values are `POWEROFF`, `REBALANCING`, `REBUILDING` or `RUNNING`. Services cannot be powered on or off with Terraform. To power a service on or off, [use the Aiven Console or Aiven CLI](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/service-power-cycle).

<a id="nestedblock--mysql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mysql`

Optional:

- `standby_uris` (List of String, Sensitive) MySQL standby connection URIs.
- `syncing_uris` (List of String, Sensitive) MySQL syncing connection URIs.
- `uris` (List of String, Sensitive) MySQL connection URIs.

Read-Only:

- `params` (Block List) MySQL connection parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mysql--params))
- `replica_uri` (String, Sensitive) MySQL replica URI for services with a replica.

<a id="nestedblock--mysql--params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mysql.params`

Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String, Sensitive) Thr name of the primary MySQL database.
- `host` (String, Sensitive) MySQL host IP or name.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the admin service user.
- `port` (Number, Sensitive) MySQL port.
- `sslmode` (String, Sensitive) MySQL SSL mode setting. Always set to "require".
- `user` (String, Sensitive) The username for the admin service user.



<a id="nestedblock--mysql_user_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mysql_user_config`

Optional:

- `additional_backup_regions` (List of String) Additional Cloud Regions for Backup Replication.
- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive) Custom password for admin user. Defaults to random string. This must be set only when a new service is being created.
- `admin_username` (String) Custom username for admin user. This must be set only when a new service is being created. Example: `avnadmin`.
- `backup_hour` (Number) The hour of day (in UTC) when backup for the service is started. New backup is only started if previous backup has already completed. Example: `3`.
- `backup_minute` (Number) The minute of an hour when backup for the service is started. New backup is only started if previous backup has already completed. Example: `30`.
- `binlog_retention_period` (Number) The minimum amount of time in seconds to keep binlog entries before deletion. This may be extended for services that require binlog entries for longer than the default for example if using the MySQL Debezium Kafka connector. Example: `600`.
- `ip_filter` (Set of String, Deprecated) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `ip_filter_object` (Block Set, Max: 8000) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mysql_user_config--ip_filter_object))
- `ip_filter_string` (Set of String) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `migration` (Block List, Max: 1) Migrate data from existing server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mysql_user_config--migration))
- `mysql` (Block List, Max: 1) mysql.conf configuration values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mysql_user_config--mysql))
- `mysql_version` (String) Enum: `8`, and newer. MySQL major version.
- `private_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from private networks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mysql_user_config--private_access))
- `privatelink_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service components through Privatelink (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mysql_user_config--privatelink_access))
- `project_to_fork_from` (String) Name of another project to fork a service from. This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `anotherprojectname`.
- `public_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from the public Internet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mysql_user_config--public_access))
- `recovery_target_time` (String) Recovery target time when forking a service. This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `2019-01-01 23:34:45`.
- `service_log` (Boolean) Store logs for the service so that they are available in the HTTP API and console.
- `service_to_fork_from` (String) Name of another service to fork from. This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `anotherservicename`.
- `static_ips` (Boolean) Use static public IP addresses.

<a id="nestedblock--mysql_user_config--ip_filter_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mysql_user_config.ip_filter_object`

Required:

- `network` (String) CIDR address block. Example: `10.20.0.0/16`.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description for IP filter list entry. Example: `Production service IP range`.


<a id="nestedblock--mysql_user_config--migration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mysql_user_config.migration`

Required:

- `host` (String) Hostname or IP address of the server where to migrate data from. Example: `my.server.com`.
- `port` (Number) Port number of the server where to migrate data from. Example: `1234`.

Optional:

- `dbname` (String) Database name for bootstrapping the initial connection. Example: `defaultdb`.
- `ignore_dbs` (String) Comma-separated list of databases, which should be ignored during migration (supported by MySQL and PostgreSQL only at the moment). Example: `db1,db2`.
- `ignore_roles` (String) Comma-separated list of database roles, which should be ignored during migration (supported by PostgreSQL only at the moment). Example: `role1,role2`.
- `method` (String) Enum: `dump`, `replication`. The migration method to be used (currently supported only by Redis, Dragonfly, MySQL and PostgreSQL service types).
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for authentication with the server where to migrate data from. Example: `jjKk45Nnd`.
- `ssl` (Boolean) The server where to migrate data from is secured with SSL. Default: `true`.
- `username` (String) User name for authentication with the server where to migrate data from. Example: `myname`.


<a id="nestedblock--mysql_user_config--mysql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mysql_user_config.mysql`

Optional:

- `connect_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds that the mysqld server waits for a connect packet before responding with Bad handshake. Example: `10`.
- `default_time_zone` (String) Default server time zone as an offset from UTC (from -12:00 to +12:00), a time zone name, or `SYSTEM` to use the MySQL server default. Example: `+03:00`.
- `group_concat_max_len` (Number) The maximum permitted result length in bytes for the GROUP_CONCAT() function. Example: `1024`.
- `information_schema_stats_expiry` (Number) The time, in seconds, before cached statistics expire. Example: `86400`.
- `innodb_change_buffer_max_size` (Number) Maximum size for the InnoDB change buffer, as a percentage of the total size of the buffer pool. Default is 25. Example: `30`.
- `innodb_flush_neighbors` (Number) Specifies whether flushing a page from the InnoDB buffer pool also flushes other dirty pages in the same extent (default is 1): 0 - dirty pages in the same extent are not flushed, 1 - flush contiguous dirty pages in the same extent, 2 - flush dirty pages in the same extent. Example: `0`.
- `innodb_ft_min_token_size` (Number) Minimum length of words that are stored in an InnoDB FULLTEXT index. Changing this parameter will lead to a restart of the MySQL service. Example: `3`.
- `innodb_ft_server_stopword_table` (String) This option is used to specify your own InnoDB FULLTEXT index stopword list for all InnoDB tables. Example: `db_name/table_name`.
- `innodb_lock_wait_timeout` (Number) The length of time in seconds an InnoDB transaction waits for a row lock before giving up. Default is 120. Example: `50`.
- `innodb_log_buffer_size` (Number) The size in bytes of the buffer that InnoDB uses to write to the log files on disk. Example: `16777216`.
- `innodb_online_alter_log_max_size` (Number) The upper limit in bytes on the size of the temporary log files used during online DDL operations for InnoDB tables. Example: `134217728`.
- `innodb_print_all_deadlocks` (Boolean) When enabled, information about all deadlocks in InnoDB user transactions is recorded in the error log. Disabled by default.
- `innodb_read_io_threads` (Number) The number of I/O threads for read operations in InnoDB. Default is 4. Changing this parameter will lead to a restart of the MySQL service. Example: `10`.
- `innodb_rollback_on_timeout` (Boolean) When enabled a transaction timeout causes InnoDB to abort and roll back the entire transaction. Changing this parameter will lead to a restart of the MySQL service.
- `innodb_thread_concurrency` (Number) Defines the maximum number of threads permitted inside of InnoDB. Default is 0 (infinite concurrency - no limit). Example: `10`.
- `innodb_write_io_threads` (Number) The number of I/O threads for write operations in InnoDB. Default is 4. Changing this parameter will lead to a restart of the MySQL service. Example: `10`.
- `interactive_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds the server waits for activity on an interactive connection before closing it. Example: `3600`.
- `internal_tmp_mem_storage_engine` (String) Enum: `MEMORY`, `TempTable`. The storage engine for in-memory internal temporary tables.
- `log_output` (String) Enum: `INSIGHTS`, `INSIGHTS,TABLE`, `NONE`, `TABLE`. The slow log output destination when slow_query_log is ON. To enable MySQL AI Insights, choose INSIGHTS. To use MySQL AI Insights and the mysql.slow_log table at the same time, choose INSIGHTS,TABLE. To only use the mysql.slow_log table, choose TABLE. To silence slow logs, choose NONE.
- `long_query_time` (Number) The slow_query_logs work as SQL statements that take more than long_query_time seconds to execute. Example: `10.0`.
- `max_allowed_packet` (Number) Size of the largest message in bytes that can be received by the server. Default is 67108864 (64M). Example: `67108864`.
- `max_heap_table_size` (Number) Limits the size of internal in-memory tables. Also set tmp_table_size. Default is 16777216 (16M). Example: `16777216`.
- `net_buffer_length` (Number) Start sizes of connection buffer and result buffer. Default is 16384 (16K). Changing this parameter will lead to a restart of the MySQL service. Example: `16384`.
- `net_read_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds to wait for more data from a connection before aborting the read. Example: `30`.
- `net_write_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds to wait for a block to be written to a connection before aborting the write. Example: `30`.
- `slow_query_log` (Boolean) Slow query log enables capturing of slow queries. Setting slow_query_log to false also truncates the mysql.slow_log table.
- `sort_buffer_size` (Number) Sort buffer size in bytes for ORDER BY optimization. Default is 262144 (256K). Example: `262144`.
- `sql_mode` (String) Global SQL mode. Set to empty to use MySQL server defaults. When creating a new service and not setting this field Aiven default SQL mode (strict, SQL standard compliant) will be assigned. Example: `ANSI,TRADITIONAL`.
- `sql_require_primary_key` (Boolean) Require primary key to be defined for new tables or old tables modified with ALTER TABLE and fail if missing. It is recommended to always have primary keys because various functionality may break if any large table is missing them.
- `tmp_table_size` (Number) Limits the size of internal in-memory tables. Also set max_heap_table_size. Default is 16777216 (16M). Example: `16777216`.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds the server waits for activity on a noninteractive connection before closing it. Example: `28800`.


<a id="nestedblock--mysql_user_config--private_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mysql_user_config.private_access`

Optional:

- `mysql` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to mysql with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.
- `mysqlx` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to mysqlx with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to prometheus with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.


<a id="nestedblock--mysql_user_config--privatelink_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mysql_user_config.privatelink_access`

Optional:

- `mysql` (Boolean) Enable mysql.
- `mysqlx` (Boolean) Enable mysqlx.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Enable prometheus.


<a id="nestedblock--mysql_user_config--public_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mysql_user_config.public_access`

Optional:

- `mysql` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to mysql from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `mysqlx` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to mysqlx from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to prometheus from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.



<a id="nestedblock--service_integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_integrations`

Required:

- `integration_type` (String) Type of the service integration. The possible value is `read_replica`.
- `source_service_name` (String) Name of the source service


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `key` (String) Service tag key
- `value` (String) Service tag value


<a id="nestedblock--tech_emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tech_emails`

Required:

- `email` (String) An email address to contact for technical issues


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Read-Only:

- `component` (String)
- `connection_uri` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `kafka_authentication_method` (String)
- `kafka_ssl_ca` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `route` (String)
- `ssl` (Boolean)
- `usage` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_mysql.example_mysql PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME
```
