---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_organization_group_project Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an organization group project relations in Aiven. Please note that this resource is in beta and may change without notice. To use this resource, please set the PROVIDERAIVENENABLE_BETA environment variable.
---

# aiven_organization_group_project (Resource)

Creates and manages an organization group project relations in Aiven. Please note that this resource is in beta and may change without notice. To use this resource, please set the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) Organization group identifier of the organization group project relation.
- `project` (String) Tenant identifier of the organization.
- `role` (String) Role of the organization group project relation.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Compound identifier of the organization group project relation.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
