---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_organization_application_user Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an organization application user. Application users https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/application-users can be used for programmatic access to the platform using a token created with the aiven_organization_application_user_token resource. You give application users access to your organization, projects, and services using the aiven_organization_permission resource. You can also add application users to groups using the aiven_organization_user_group_member resource.`.
---

# aiven_organization_application_user (Resource)

Creates and manages an organization application user. [Application users](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/application-users) can be used for programmatic access to the platform using a token created with the `aiven_organization_application_user_token` resource. You give application users access to your organization, projects, and services using the `aiven_organization_permission` resource. You can also add application users to groups using the `aiven_organization_user_group_member` resource.`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_organization_application_user" "tf_user" {
  organization_id = aiven_organization.main.id
  name            = "app-terraform"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name.
- `organization_id` (String) ID of an organization. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `is_super_admin` (Boolean, Deprecated) Alters super admin state of the organization application user. The default value is `false`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `email` (String) User Email.
- `id` (String) Resource ID, a composite of `organization_id` and `user_id` IDs.
- `user_id` (String) User ID.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_organization_application_user.example ORGANIZATION_ID/USER_ID
```
