---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_organization_application_user_token Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an application user token. Review the best practices https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/application-users#security-best-practices for securing application users and their tokens.
---

# aiven_organization_application_user_token (Resource)

Creates and manages an application user token. Review the [best practices](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/application-users#security-best-practices) for securing application users and their tokens.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_organization_application_user" "tf_user" {
  organization_id = aiven_organization.main.id
  name            = "app-terraform"
}

resource "aiven_organization_application_user_token" "example" {
  organization_id = aiven_organization.main.id
  user_id         = aiven_organization_application_user.tf_user.user_id
  description     = "Token for TF access to Aiven."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) ID of an organization. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `user_id` (String) User ID. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description. Maximum length: `1000`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `extend_when_used` (Boolean) Extend token expiration time when token is used. Only applicable if max_age_seconds is specified. The default value is `false`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `ip_allowlist` (Set of String) List of allowed IP ranges. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `max_age_seconds` (Number) Time the token remains valid since creation (or since last use if extend_when_used is true). Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `scopes` (Set of String) Scopes this token is restricted to if specified. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Create Time.
- `created_manually` (Boolean) True for tokens explicitly created via the access_tokens API, false for tokens created via login.
- `currently_active` (Boolean) true if API request was made with this access token.
- `expiry_time` (String) Timestamp when the access token will expire unless extended, if ever.
- `full_token` (String, Sensitive) Full Token.
- `id` (String) Resource ID, a composite of `organization_id`, `user_id` and `token_prefix` IDs.
- `last_ip` (String) IP address the access token was last used from in case it has ever been used.
- `last_used_time` (String) Timestamp when the access token was last used, if ever.
- `last_user_agent` (String) User agent string of the client that last used the token in case it has ever been used.
- `last_user_agent_human_readable` (String) Human readable user agent string of the client that last used the token in case user agent is known.
- `token_prefix` (String) First characters of the actual token value. Full value is only exposed after creation. This value is used when updating or revoking tokens. Note that the value may contain /, + and = characters and must be URL encoded when used (/ =&gt; %2F, + =&gt; %2B, = =&gt; %3D).

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_organization_application_user_token.example ORGANIZATION_ID/USER_ID/TOKEN_PREFIX
```
