---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_organization_user Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  **This resource is deprecated**. Users cannot be invited to an organization using Terraform.
  	Use the [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io/) to [invite users](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/manage-org-users)
  	to your organization. 
  
  After the user accepts the invite you can get their information using the aiven_organization_user
  data source. You can manage user access to projects with the aiven_organization_user_group,
  aiven_organization_user_group_member, and aiven_organization_permission resources.
  ~> This resource is deprecated.
  Users cannot be invited to an organization using Terraform.
  Use the Aiven Console to invite users to your organization. After the user accepts the invite
  you can get their information using the aiven_organization_user data source. You can manage
  user access to projects with the aiven_organization_user_group, aiven_organization_user_group_member,
  and aiven_organization_permission resources.
---

# aiven_organization_user (Resource)

**This resource is deprecated**. Users cannot be invited to an organization using Terraform.
		Use the [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io/) to [invite users](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/manage-org-users)
		to your organization. 
		
After the user accepts the invite you can get their information using the `aiven_organization_user`
data source. You can manage user access to projects with the `aiven_organization_user_group`, 
`aiven_organization_user_group_member`, and `aiven_organization_permission` resources.


~> **This resource is deprecated**.

Users cannot be invited to an organization using Terraform.
Use the Aiven Console to invite users to your organization. After the user accepts the invite
you can get their information using the `aiven_organization_user` data source. You can manage
user access to projects with the `aiven_organization_user_group`, `aiven_organization_user_group_member`,
and `aiven_organization_permission` resources.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) The unique organization ID. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `user_email` (String) This is a user email address that first will be invited, and after accepting an invitation, they become a member of the organization. Should be lowercase. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `accepted` (Boolean, Deprecated) This is a boolean flag that determines whether an invitation was accepted or not by the user. `false` value means that the invitation was sent to the user but not yet accepted. `true` means that the user accepted the invitation and now a member of an organization.
- `create_time` (String) Time of creation
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invited_by` (String, Deprecated) The email address of the user who sent an invitation to the user.
- `user_id` (String) The unique organization user ID

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
