---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_organization_billing_group Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an organization billing group.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
---

# aiven_organization_billing_group (Resource)

Creates and manages an organization billing group. 

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `billing_address_id` (String) Billing address ID. Maximum length: `36`.
- `billing_contact_emails` (Set of String) List of billing contact emails.
- `billing_emails` (Set of String) List of billing contact emails.
- `billing_group_name` (String) Billing Group Name. Maximum length: `128`.
- `organization_id` (String) ID of an organization. Maximum length: `36`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `payment_method_id` (String) Payment method ID.
- `shipping_address_id` (String) Shipping address ID. Maximum length: `36`.

### Optional

- `billing_currency` (String) Acceptable currencies for a billing group. The possible values are `AUD`, `CAD`, `CHF`, `DKK`, `EUR`, `GBP`, `JPY`, `NOK`, `NZD`, `SEK`, `SGD` and `USD`.
- `custom_invoice_text` (String) Extra billing text. Maximum length: `254`.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `vat_id` (String) VAT ID.

### Read-Only

- `billing_group_id` (String) Billing group id.
- `id` (String) Resource ID, a composite of `organization_id` and `billing_group_id` IDs.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
