---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_organization_user_group_member Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an organization user group members in Aiven. Please no that this resource is  in beta and may change without notice. To use it please use the beta environment variable PROVIDERAIVENENABLE_BETA.
---

# aiven_organization_user_group_member (Resource)

Creates and manages an organization user group members in Aiven. Please no that this resource is  in beta and may change without notice. To use it please use the beta environment variable PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) Identifier of the organization user group.
- `organization_id` (String) Identifier of the organization.
- `user_id` (String) Identifier of the organization user group member.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `last_activity_time` (String) Last activity time of the user group member.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
