---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_organization_address Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an organization address.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
---

# aiven_organization_address (Resource)

Creates and manages an organization address. 

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address_lines` (Set of String) Address Lines.
- `city` (String) City.
- `country_code` (String) Country Code.
- `organization_id` (String) ID of an organization. Maximum length: `36`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `company_name` (String) Name of a company. Maximum length: `128`.
- `state` (String) State. Maximum length: `128`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `zip_code` (String) Zip Code. Maximum length: `32`.

### Read-Only

- `address_id` (String) Address id.
- `create_time` (String) Create Time.
- `id` (String) Resource ID, a composite of `organization_id` and `address_id` IDs.
- `update_time` (String) Update Time.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
