---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_pg_database Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven for PostgreSQL® https://aiven.io/docs/products/postgresql database. If this resource is missing (for example, after a service power off), it's removed from the state and a new create plan is generated.
---

# aiven_pg_database (Resource)

Creates and manages an [Aiven for PostgreSQL®](https://aiven.io/docs/products/postgresql) database. If this resource is missing (for example, after a service power off), it's removed from the state and a new create plan is generated.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_pg_database" "example" {
  project       = "my-project" // Force new
  service_name  = "my-pg" // Force new
  database_name = "testdb" // Force new

  // OPTIONAL FIELDS
  lc_collate = "en_US.UTF-8" // Force new
  lc_ctype   = "en_US.UTF-8" // Force new
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) Service database name. Maximum length: `40`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) Project name. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Service name. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `lc_collate` (String) Default string sort order (`LC_COLLATE`) of the database. Length must be between `1` and `128`. The default value is `en_US.UTF-8`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `lc_ctype` (String) Default character classification (`LC_CTYPE`) of the database. Length must be between `1` and `128`. The default value is `en_US.UTF-8`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `termination_protection` (Boolean, Deprecated) Client-side deletion protection that prevents the resource from being deleted by Terraform. **Resource can still be deleted in the Aiven Console**. The default value is `false`. **Deprecated**: Instead, use [`prevent_destroy`](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/state/resource-lifecycle#prevent-resource-deletion)
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource ID composed as: `project/service_name/database_name`.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `default` (String, Deprecated) Timeout for all operations. Deprecated, use operation-specific timeouts instead.
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_pg_database.example PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME/DATABASE_NAME
```
