---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_project_vpc Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages a VPC for an Aiven project. If this resource is missing (for example, after a service power off), it's removed from the state and a new create plan is generated.
---

# aiven_project_vpc (Resource)

Creates and manages a VPC for an Aiven project. If this resource is missing (for example, after a service power off), it's removed from the state and a new create plan is generated.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_project_vpc" "example" {
  project      = "my-project" // Force new
  cloud_name   = "aws-eu-central-1" // Force new
  network_cidr = "192.168.6.0/24" // Force new

  /* COMPUTED FIELDS
  project_vpc_id = "1a2b3c4d-5e6f-7a8b-9c0d-1e2f3a4b5c6d"
  state          = "ACTIVE"
  */
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_name` (String) The cloud provider and region where the service is hosted in the format `CLOUD_PROVIDER-REGION_NAME`. For example, `google-europe-west1` or `aws-us-east-2`. Maximum length: `256`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `network_cidr` (String) Network address range used by the VPC. For example, `192.168.0.0/24`. Maximum length: `18`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `project` (String) Project name. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource ID composed as: `project/project_vpc_id`.
- `project_vpc_id` (String) Project VPC ID.
- `state` (String) State of the VPC. The possible values are `ACTIVE`, `APPROVED`, `DELETED` and `DELETING`.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `default` (String, Deprecated) Timeout for all operations. Deprecated, use operation-specific timeouts instead.
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_project_vpc.example PROJECT/PROJECT_VPC_ID
```
