---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_project_user Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven project member.
  This resource is deprecated. Use aiven_organization_permission and
  migrate existing aiven_project_user resources https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources
  to the new resource.
---

# aiven_project_user (Resource)

Creates and manages an Aiven project member.

**This resource is deprecated.** Use `aiven_organization_permission` and
[migrate existing aiven_project_user resources](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources) 
to the new resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_project_user" "mytestuser" {
  project     = aiven_project.myproject.project
  email       = "john.doe@example.com"
  member_type = "admin"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) Email address of the user in lowercase. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `member_type` (String) Project membership type. The possible values are `admin`, `developer`, `operator`, `project:audit_logs:read`, `project:integrations:read`, `project:integrations:write`, `project:networking:read`, `project:networking:write`, `project:permissions:read`, `project:services:read`, `read_only`, `service:configuration:write`, `service:logs:read` and `services:maintenance`.
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `accepted` (Boolean) Whether the user has accepted the request to join the project. Users get an invite and become project members after accepting the invite.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_project_user.mytestuser PROJECT/EMAIL
```
