---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_redis Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages and Aiven for Caching https://aiven.io/docs/products/caching (formerly known as Aiven for Redis®) service.
  !> End of life notice
  In March 2024, a new licensing model was announced for Redis® that impacts the Aiven for Caching offering (formerly Aiven for Redis®).
  Aiven for Caching is entering its end-of-life cycle to comply with Redis's copyright and license agreements.
  From February 15th, 2025, it will not be possible to start a new Aiven for Caching service, but existing services up until version 7.2 will still be available until end of life.
  From March 31st, 2025, Aiven for Caching will no longer be available and all existing services will be migrated to Aiven for Valkey™.
  You can upgrade to Valkey for free https://aiven.io/docs/products/caching/howto/upgrade-aiven-for-caching-to-valkey before then
  and update your existing aiven_redis resources https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources#update-`aiven_redis`-resources-after-valkey-upgrade.
---

# aiven_redis (Resource)

Creates and manages and [Aiven for Caching](https://aiven.io/docs/products/caching) (formerly known as Aiven for Redis®) service.

!> **End of life notice**
In March 2024, a new licensing model was announced for Redis® that impacts the Aiven for Caching offering (formerly Aiven for Redis®).
Aiven for Caching is entering its end-of-life cycle to comply with Redis's copyright and license agreements.
From **February 15th, 2025**, it will not be possible to start a new Aiven for Caching service, but existing services up until version 7.2 will still be available until end of life.
From **March 31st, 2025**, Aiven for Caching will no longer be available and all existing services will be migrated to Aiven for Valkey™.
You can [upgrade to Valkey for free](https://aiven.io/docs/products/caching/howto/upgrade-aiven-for-caching-to-valkey) before then
and [update your existing `aiven_redis` resources](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/guides/update-deprecated-resources#update-`aiven_redis`-resources-after-valkey-upgrade).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_redis" "redis1" {
  project                 = data.aiven_project.pr1.project
  cloud_name              = "google-europe-west1"
  plan                    = "business-4"
  service_name            = "my-redis1"
  maintenance_window_dow  = "monday"
  maintenance_window_time = "10:00:00"

  redis_user_config {
    redis_maxmemory_policy = "allkeys-random"

    public_access {
      redis = true
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `plan` (String) Defines what kind of computing resources are allocated for the service. It can be changed after creation, though there are some restrictions when going to a smaller plan such as the new plan must have sufficient amount of disk space to store all current data and switching to a plan with fewer nodes might not be supported. The basic plan names are `hobbyist`, `startup-x`, `business-x` and `premium-x` where `x` is (roughly) the amount of memory on each node (also other attributes like number of CPUs and amount of disk space varies but naming is based on memory). The available options can be seen from the [Aiven pricing page](https://aiven.io/pricing).
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the actual name of the service. The name cannot be changed later without destroying and re-creating the service so name should be picked based on intended service usage rather than current attributes.

### Optional

- `additional_disk_space` (String) Add [disk storage](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/add-storage-space) in increments of 30  GiB to scale your service. The maximum value depends on the service type and cloud provider. Removing additional storage causes the service nodes to go through a rolling restart, and there might be a short downtime for services without an autoscaler integration or high availability capabilities. The field can be safely removed when autoscaler is enabled without causing any changes.
- `cloud_name` (String) The cloud provider and region the service is hosted in. The format is `provider-region`, for example: `google-europe-west1`. The [available cloud regions](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/reference/list_of_clouds) can differ per project and service. Changing this value [migrates the service to another cloud provider or region](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/migrate-services-cloud-region). The migration runs in the background and includes a DNS update to redirect traffic to the new region. Most services experience no downtime, but some databases may have a brief interruption during DNS propagation.
- `disk_space` (String, Deprecated) Service disk space. Possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Therefore, reducing will result in the service rebalancing.
- `maintenance_window_dow` (String) Day of week when maintenance operations should be performed. One monday, tuesday, wednesday, etc.
- `maintenance_window_time` (String) Time of day when maintenance operations should be performed. UTC time in HH:mm:ss format.
- `project_vpc_id` (String) Specifies the VPC the service should run in. If the value is not set, the service runs on the Public Internet. When set, the value should be given as a reference to set up dependencies correctly, and the VPC must be in the same cloud and region as the service itself. The service can be freely moved to and from VPC after creation, but doing so triggers migration to new servers, so the operation can take a significant amount of time to complete if the service has a lot of data.
- `redis` (Block List, Max: 1) Redis server provided values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--redis))
- `redis_user_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Redis user configurable settings. **Warning:** There's no way to reset advanced configuration options to default. Options that you add cannot be removed later (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--redis_user_config))
- `service_integrations` (Block Set) Service integrations to specify when creating a service. Not applied after initial service creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_integrations))
- `static_ips` (Set of String) Static IPs that are going to be associated with this service. Please assign a value using the 'toset' function. Once a static ip resource is in the 'assigned' state it cannot be unbound from the node again
- `tag` (Block Set) Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to categorize services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `tech_emails` (Block Set) The email addresses for [service contacts](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/technical-emails), who will receive important alerts and updates about this service. You can also set email contacts at the project level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tech_emails))
- `termination_protection` (Boolean) Prevents the service from being deleted. It is recommended to set this to `true` for all production services to prevent unintentional service deletion. This does not shield against deleting databases or topics but for services with backups much of the content can at least be restored from backup in case accidental deletion is done.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `components` (List of Object) Service component information objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `disk_space_cap` (String) The maximum disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project.
- `disk_space_default` (String) The default disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Its also the minimum value for `disk_space`
- `disk_space_step` (String) The default disk space step of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. `disk_space` needs to increment from `disk_space_default` by increments of this size.
- `disk_space_used` (String, Deprecated) Disk space that service is currently using
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `service_host` (String) The hostname of the service.
- `service_password` (String, Sensitive) Password used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `service_port` (Number) The port of the service
- `service_type` (String) Aiven internal service type code
- `service_uri` (String, Sensitive) URI for connecting to the service. Service specific info is under "kafka", "pg", etc.
- `service_username` (String) Username used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `state` (String) Service state. Possible values are `POWEROFF`, `REBALANCING`, `REBUILDING` or `RUNNING`. Services cannot be powered on or off with Terraform. To power a service on or off, [use the Aiven Console or Aiven CLI](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/service-power-cycle).

<a id="nestedblock--redis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redis`

Optional:

- `slave_uris` (List of String, Sensitive) Redis slave server URIs.
- `uris` (List of String, Sensitive) Redis server URIs.

Read-Only:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Redis password.
- `replica_uri` (String, Sensitive) Redis replica server URI.


<a id="nestedblock--redis_user_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redis_user_config`

Optional:

- `additional_backup_regions` (List of String) Additional Cloud Regions for Backup Replication.
- `backup_hour` (Number) The hour of day (in UTC) when backup for the service is started. New backup is only started if previous backup has already completed. Example: `3`.
- `backup_minute` (Number) The minute of an hour when backup for the service is started. New backup is only started if previous backup has already completed. Example: `30`.
- `ip_filter` (Set of String, Deprecated) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `ip_filter_object` (Block Set, Max: 8000) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--redis_user_config--ip_filter_object))
- `ip_filter_string` (Set of String) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `migration` (Block List, Max: 1) Migrate data from existing server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--redis_user_config--migration))
- `private_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from private networks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--redis_user_config--private_access))
- `privatelink_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service components through Privatelink (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--redis_user_config--privatelink_access))
- `project_to_fork_from` (String) Name of another project to fork a service from. This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `anotherprojectname`.
- `public_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from the public Internet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--redis_user_config--public_access))
- `recovery_basebackup_name` (String) Name of the basebackup to restore in forked service. Example: `backup-20191112t091354293891z`.
- `redis_acl_channels_default` (String) Enum: `allchannels`, `resetchannels`. Determines default pub/sub channels' ACL for new users if ACL is not supplied. When this option is not defined, all_channels is assumed to keep backward compatibility. This option doesn't affect Redis configuration acl-pubsub-default.
- `redis_io_threads` (Number) Set Redis IO thread count. Changing this will cause a restart of the Redis service. Example: `1`.
- `redis_lfu_decay_time` (Number) LFU maxmemory-policy counter decay time in minutes. Default: `1`.
- `redis_lfu_log_factor` (Number) Counter logarithm factor for volatile-lfu and allkeys-lfu maxmemory-policies. Default: `10`.
- `redis_maxmemory_policy` (String) Enum: `allkeys-lfu`, `allkeys-lru`, `allkeys-random`, `noeviction`, `volatile-lfu`, `volatile-lru`, `volatile-random`, `volatile-ttl`. Redis maxmemory-policy. Default: `noeviction`.
- `redis_notify_keyspace_events` (String) Set notify-keyspace-events option.
- `redis_number_of_databases` (Number) Set number of Redis databases. Changing this will cause a restart of the Redis service. Example: `16`.
- `redis_persistence` (String) Enum: `off`, `rdb`. When persistence is `rdb`, Redis does RDB dumps each 10 minutes if any key is changed. Also RDB dumps are done according to the backup schedule for backup purposes. When persistence is `off`, no RDB dumps or backups are done, so data can be lost at any moment if the service is restarted for any reason, or if the service is powered off. Also, the service can't be forked.
- `redis_pubsub_client_output_buffer_limit` (Number) Set output buffer limit for pub / sub clients in MB. The value is the hard limit, the soft limit is 1/4 of the hard limit. When setting the limit, be mindful of the available memory in the selected service plan. Example: `64`.
- `redis_ssl` (Boolean) Require SSL to access Redis. Default: `true`.
- `redis_timeout` (Number) Redis idle connection timeout in seconds. Default: `300`.
- `redis_version` (String) Enum: `7.0`, and newer. Redis major version.
- `service_log` (Boolean) Store logs for the service so that they are available in the HTTP API and console.
- `service_to_fork_from` (String) Name of another service to fork from. This has effect only when a new service is being created. Example: `anotherservicename`.
- `static_ips` (Boolean) Use static public IP addresses.

<a id="nestedblock--redis_user_config--ip_filter_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redis_user_config.ip_filter_object`

Required:

- `network` (String) CIDR address block. Example: `10.20.0.0/16`.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description for IP filter list entry. Example: `Production service IP range`.


<a id="nestedblock--redis_user_config--migration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redis_user_config.migration`

Required:

- `host` (String) Hostname or IP address of the server where to migrate data from. Example: `my.server.com`.
- `port` (Number) Port number of the server where to migrate data from. Example: `1234`.

Optional:

- `dbname` (String) Database name for bootstrapping the initial connection. Example: `defaultdb`.
- `ignore_dbs` (String) Comma-separated list of databases, which should be ignored during migration (supported by MySQL and PostgreSQL only at the moment). Example: `db1,db2`.
- `ignore_roles` (String) Comma-separated list of database roles, which should be ignored during migration (supported by PostgreSQL only at the moment). Example: `role1,role2`.
- `method` (String) Enum: `dump`, `replication`. The migration method to be used (currently supported only by Redis, Dragonfly, MySQL and PostgreSQL service types).
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for authentication with the server where to migrate data from. Example: `jjKk45Nnd`.
- `ssl` (Boolean) The server where to migrate data from is secured with SSL. Default: `true`.
- `username` (String) User name for authentication with the server where to migrate data from. Example: `myname`.


<a id="nestedblock--redis_user_config--private_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redis_user_config.private_access`

Optional:

- `prometheus` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to prometheus with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.
- `redis` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to redis with a DNS name that always resolves to the service's private IP addresses. Only available in certain network locations.


<a id="nestedblock--redis_user_config--privatelink_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redis_user_config.privatelink_access`

Optional:

- `prometheus` (Boolean) Enable prometheus.
- `redis` (Boolean) Enable redis.


<a id="nestedblock--redis_user_config--public_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redis_user_config.public_access`

Optional:

- `prometheus` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to prometheus from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `redis` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to redis from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.



<a id="nestedblock--service_integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_integrations`

Required:

- `integration_type` (String) Type of the service integration. The possible value is `read_replica`.
- `source_service_name` (String) Name of the source service


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `key` (String) Service tag key
- `value` (String) Service tag value


<a id="nestedblock--tech_emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tech_emails`

Required:

- `email` (String) An email address to contact for technical issues


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Read-Only:

- `component` (String)
- `connection_uri` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `kafka_authentication_method` (String)
- `kafka_ssl_ca` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `route` (String)
- `ssl` (Boolean)
- `usage` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_redis.redis1 project/service_name
```
