---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_redis_user Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Redis User resource allows the creation and management of Aiven Redis Users.
---

# aiven_redis_user (Resource)

The Redis User resource allows the creation and management of Aiven Redis Users.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aiven_redis_user" "foo" {
  service_name = aiven_redis.bar.service_name
  project      = "my-project"
  username     = "user-1"
  password     = "Test$1234"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) Identifies the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `username` (String) The actual name of the Redis User. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the Redis User.
- `redis_acl_categories` (List of String) Defines command category rules. The field is required with`redis_acl_commands` and `redis_acl_keys`. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `redis_acl_channels` (List of String) Defines the permitted pub/sub channel patterns. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `redis_acl_commands` (List of String) Defines rules for individual commands. The field is required with`redis_acl_categories` and `redis_acl_keys`. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `redis_acl_keys` (List of String) Defines key access rules. The field is required with`redis_acl_categories` and `redis_acl_keys`. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) Type of the user account. Tells whether the user is the primary account or a regular account.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


