---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_thanos Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven for Metrics® https://aiven.io/docs/products/metrics/concepts/metrics-overview service.
  This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice. Set
  the PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA environment variable to use the resource.
---

# aiven_thanos (Resource)

Creates and manages an [Aiven for Metrics®](https://aiven.io/docs/products/metrics/concepts/metrics-overview) service. 

**This resource is in the beta stage and may change without notice.** Set
the `PROVIDER_AIVEN_ENABLE_BETA` environment variable to use the resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `plan` (String) Defines what kind of computing resources are allocated for the service. It can be changed after creation, though there are some restrictions when going to a smaller plan such as the new plan must have sufficient amount of disk space to store all current data and switching to a plan with fewer nodes might not be supported. The basic plan names are `hobbyist`, `startup-x`, `business-x` and `premium-x` where `x` is (roughly) the amount of memory on each node (also other attributes like number of CPUs and amount of disk space varies but naming is based on memory). The available options can be seem from the [Aiven pricing page](https://aiven.io/pricing).
- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the actual name of the service. The name cannot be changed later without destroying and re-creating the service so name should be picked based on intended service usage rather than current attributes.

### Optional

- `additional_disk_space` (String) Add [disk storage](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/add-storage-space) in increments of 30  GiB to scale your service. The maximum value depends on the service type and cloud provider. Removing additional storage causes the service nodes to go through a rolling restart and there might be a short downtime for services with no HA capabilities.
- `cloud_name` (String) Defines where the cloud provider and region where the service is hosted in. This can be changed freely after service is created. Changing the value will trigger a potentially lengthy migration process for the service. Format is cloud provider name (`aws`, `azure`, `do` `google`, `upcloud`, etc.), dash, and the cloud provider specific region name. These are documented on each Cloud provider's own support articles, like [here for Google](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones/) and [here for AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.RegionsAndAvailabilityZones.html).
- `disk_space` (String, Deprecated) Service disk space. Possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Therefore, reducing will result in the service rebalancing.
- `maintenance_window_dow` (String) Day of week when maintenance operations should be performed. One monday, tuesday, wednesday, etc.
- `maintenance_window_time` (String) Time of day when maintenance operations should be performed. UTC time in HH:mm:ss format.
- `project_vpc_id` (String) Specifies the VPC the service should run in. If the value is not set the service is not run inside a VPC. When set, the value should be given as a reference to set up dependencies correctly and the VPC must be in the same cloud and region as the service itself. Project can be freely moved to and from VPC after creation but doing so triggers migration to new servers so the operation can take significant amount of time to complete if the service has a lot of data.
- `service_integrations` (Block List) Service integrations to specify when creating a service. Not applied after initial service creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_integrations))
- `static_ips` (Set of String) Static IPs that are going to be associated with this service. Please assign a value using the 'toset' function. Once a static ip resource is in the 'assigned' state it cannot be unbound from the node again
- `tag` (Block Set) Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to categorize services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `tech_emails` (Block Set) The email addresses for [service contacts](https://aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/technical-emails), who will receive important alerts and updates about this service. You can also set email contacts at the project level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tech_emails))
- `termination_protection` (Boolean) Prevents the service from being deleted. It is recommended to set this to `true` for all production services to prevent unintentional service deletion. This does not shield against deleting databases or topics but for services with backups much of the content can at least be restored from backup in case accidental deletion is done.
- `thanos` (Block List, Max: 1) Thanos server connection details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--thanos))
- `thanos_user_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Thanos user configurable settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--thanos_user_config))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `components` (List of Object) Service component information objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `disk_space_cap` (String) The maximum disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project.
- `disk_space_default` (String) The default disk space of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. Its also the minimum value for `disk_space`
- `disk_space_step` (String) The default disk space step of the service, possible values depend on the service type, the cloud provider and the project. `disk_space` needs to increment from `disk_space_default` by increments of this size.
- `disk_space_used` (String) Disk space that service is currently using
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `service_host` (String) The hostname of the service.
- `service_password` (String, Sensitive) Password used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `service_port` (Number) The port of the service
- `service_type` (String) Aiven internal service type code
- `service_uri` (String, Sensitive) URI for connecting to the service. Service specific info is under "kafka", "pg", etc.
- `service_username` (String) Username used for connecting to the service, if applicable
- `state` (String) Service state. One of `POWEROFF`, `REBALANCING`, `REBUILDING` or `RUNNING`

<a id="nestedblock--service_integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_integrations`

Required:

- `integration_type` (String) Type of the service integration. The only supported value at the moment is `read_replica`
- `source_service_name` (String) Name of the source service


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `key` (String) Service tag key
- `value` (String) Service tag value


<a id="nestedblock--tech_emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tech_emails`

Required:

- `email` (String) An email address to contact for technical issues


<a id="nestedblock--thanos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `thanos`

Optional:

- `uris` (List of String) Thanos server URIs.

Read-Only:

- `query_frontend_uri` (String, Sensitive) Query frontend URI.
- `query_uri` (String, Sensitive) Query URI.
- `receiver_ingesting_remote_write_uri` (String, Sensitive) Receiver ingesting remote write URI.
- `receiver_remote_write_uri` (String, Sensitive) Receiver remote write URI.
- `store_uri` (String, Sensitive) Store URI.


<a id="nestedblock--thanos_user_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `thanos_user_config`

Optional:

- `compactor` (Block List, Max: 1) ThanosCompactor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--thanos_user_config--compactor))
- `ip_filter` (Set of String, Deprecated) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `ip_filter_object` (Block Set, Max: 1024) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--thanos_user_config--ip_filter_object))
- `ip_filter_string` (Set of String) Allow incoming connections from CIDR address block, e.g. `10.20.0.0/16`.
- `object_storage_usage_alert_threshold_gb` (Number) After exceeding the limit a service alert is going to be raised (0 means not set).
- `public_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Allow access to selected service ports from the public Internet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--thanos_user_config--public_access))
- `query` (Block List, Max: 1) ThanosQuery (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--thanos_user_config--query))
- `query_frontend` (Block List, Max: 1) ThanosQueryFrontend (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--thanos_user_config--query_frontend))
- `service_log` (Boolean) Store logs for the service so that they are available in the HTTP API and console.
- `static_ips` (Boolean) Use static public IP addresses.

<a id="nestedblock--thanos_user_config--compactor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `thanos_user_config.compactor`

Optional:

- `retention_days` (Number) Retention time for data in days for each resolution (5m, 1h, raw).


<a id="nestedblock--thanos_user_config--ip_filter_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `thanos_user_config.ip_filter_object`

Required:

- `network` (String) CIDR address block. Example: `10.20.0.0/16`.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description for IP filter list entry. Example: `Production service IP range`.


<a id="nestedblock--thanos_user_config--public_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `thanos_user_config.public_access`

Optional:

- `compactor` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to compactor from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `query` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to query from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `query_frontend` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to query_frontend from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `receiver_ingesting` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to receiver_ingesting from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `receiver_routing` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to receiver_routing from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.
- `store` (Boolean) Allow clients to connect to store from the public internet for service nodes that are in a project VPC or another type of private network.


<a id="nestedblock--thanos_user_config--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `thanos_user_config.query`

Optional:

- `query_default_evaluation_interval` (String) Set the default evaluation interval for subqueries. Default: `1m`.
- `query_lookback_delta` (String) The maximum lookback duration for retrieving metrics during expression evaluations in PromQL. PromQL always evaluates the query for a certain timestamp, and it looks back for the given amount of time to get the latest sample. If it exceeds the maximum lookback delta, it assumes the series is stale and returns none (a gap). The lookback delta should be set to at least 2 times the slowest scrape interval. If unset, it will use the promql default of 5m. Default: `5m`.
- `query_metadata_default_time_range` (String) The default metadata time range duration for retrieving labels through Labels and Series API when the range parameters are not specified. The zero value means the range covers the time since the beginning. Default: `0s`.
- `query_timeout` (String) Maximum time to process a query by the query node. Default: `2m`.


<a id="nestedblock--thanos_user_config--query_frontend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `thanos_user_config.query_frontend`

Optional:

- `query_range_align_range_with_step` (Boolean) Whether to align the query range boundaries with the step. If enabled, the query range boundaries will be aligned to the step, providing more accurate results for queries with high-resolution data. Default: `true`.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Read-Only:

- `component` (String)
- `connection_uri` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `kafka_authentication_method` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `route` (String)
- `ssl` (Boolean)
- `usage` (String)
