---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aiven_valkey_user Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Aiven for Valkey™ https://aiven.io/docs/products/valkey service user.
---

# aiven_valkey_user (Resource)

Creates and manages an [Aiven for Valkey™](https://aiven.io/docs/products/valkey) service user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example user with read-only access for analytics
resource "aiven_valkey_user" "read_analytics" {
  project      = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  service_name = aiven_valkey.example_valkey.service_name
  username     = "example-analytics-reader"
  password     = var.valkey_user_pw
  valkey_acl_categories = [
    "+@read"
  ]
  valkey_acl_commands = [
    "+get",
    "+set",
    "+mget",
    "+hget",
    "+zrange"
  ]
  valkey_acl_keys = [
    "analytics:*"
  ]
}

# Example user with restricted write access for session management
resource "aiven_valkey_user" "manage_sessions" {
  project      = data.aiven_project.example_project.project
  service_name = aiven_valkey.example_valkey.service_name
  username     = "example-session-manager"
  password     = var.valkey_user_pw
  valkey_acl_categories = [
    "+@write",
    "+@keyspace",
  ]
  valkey_acl_commands = [
    "+set",
    "+del",
    "+expire",
    "-flushall",
    "-flushdb"
  ]
  valkey_acl_keys = [
    "session:*"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The name of the project this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service that this resource belongs to. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `username` (String) Name of the Valkey service user. To set up proper dependencies please refer to this variable as a reference. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The Valkey service user's password.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `valkey_acl_categories` (List of String) Allow or disallow command categories. To allow a category use the prefix `+@` and to disallow use `-@`. See the [Valkey documentation](https://valkey.io/topics/acl/) for details on the ACL feature. The field is required with `valkey_acl_commands` and `valkey_acl_keys`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `valkey_acl_channels` (List of String) Allows and disallows access to pub/sub channels. Entries are defined as standard glob patterns. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `valkey_acl_commands` (List of String) Defines rules for individual commands. To allow a command use the prefix `+` and to disallow use `-`. The field is required with `valkey_acl_categories` and `valkey_acl_keys`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.
- `valkey_acl_keys` (List of String) Key access rules. Entries are defined as standard glob patterns. The field is required with `valkey_acl_categories` and `valkey_acl_keys`. Changing this property forces recreation of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) User account type, such as primary or regular account.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import aiven_valkey.example_valkey PROJECT/SERVICE_NAME/USERNAME
```
