---
page_title: "aiven_vpc_peering_connection Resource - terraform-provider-aiven"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The VPC Peering Connection resource allows the creation and management of Aiven VPC Peering Connections.
---
# aiven_vpc_peering_connection (Resource)
The VPC Peering Connection resource allows the creation and management of Aiven VPC Peering Connections.

## Information regarding states

Happy path of the `state` includes the following transitions of a VPC peering connection: 
`APPROVED` -> `PENDING_PEER` -> `ACTIVE`.

- `APPROVED` is the initial state after the user does a successful creation of a 
peering connection resource via Terraform. 

- `PENDING_PEER` the connection enters the `PENDING_PEER` state from `APPROVED` once the 
Aiven platform has created a connection to the specified peer successfully in the cloud, 
but the connection is not active until the user completes the setup in their cloud account. 
The steps needed in the user cloud account depend on the used cloud provider.

- `ACTIVE` stands for a VPC peering connection whose setup has been completed

- `DELETED` means a user deleted the peering connection through the Aiven Terraform provider, 
or Aiven Web Console or directly via Aiven API.

- `DELETED_BY_PEER` appears when a user deleted the VPC peering connection through their cloud 
account. That is, the user deleted the peering cloud resource in their account. There are no 
transitions from this state

- `REJECTED_BY_PEER` an AWS specific state, when VPC peering connection was in the `PENDING_PEER` state, 
and the user rejected the AWS peering connection request.

- `INVALID_SPECIFICATION` is a VPC peering connection that was in the `APPROVED` state but could not be  
successfully created because of something in the user's control, for example, the peer cloud account of VPC 
doesn't exist, overlapping IP ranges, or the Aiven cloud account doesn't have permissions to peer 
there. `state_info` field contains more details about the particular issue.

## Example Usage
{{tffile "examples/resources/aiven_vpc_peering_connection/resource.tf"}}
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `peer_cloud_account` (String) AWS account ID or GCP project ID of the peered VPC. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `peer_vpc` (String) AWS VPC ID or GCP VPC network name of the peered VPC. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC the peering connection belongs to. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `peer_azure_app_id` (String) Azure app registration id in UUID4 form that is allowed to create a peering to the peer vnet This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `peer_azure_tenant_id` (String) Azure tenant id in UUID4 form. This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `peer_region` (String) AWS region of the peered VPC (if not in the same region as Aiven VPC). This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `peer_resource_group` (String) Azure resource group name of the peered VPC This property cannot be changed, doing so forces recreation of the resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `peering_connection_id` (String) Cloud provider identifier for the peering connection if available
- `state` (String) State of the peering connection
- `state_info` (Map of String) State-specific help or error information

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
{{codefile "shell" "examples/resources/aiven_vpc_peering_connection/import.sh"}}
